Great place for group gathering. They have cool upper level. The food is really high end and really reasonable. The server was really friendly and patient.
This place is special. The food is wonderful.The service is warm, knowledgeable, and attentive. It's quiet enough to talk.The Bloody Mary was the best one I've had anywhere. We had small plates including cornmeal coated oysters, fried green tomatoes, artichoke dip and the grilled romaine salad. All were wonderful. This is an unexpected gem. We hope to return soon.
Had a great experience at 1803. First of all, the place is beautiful. Very airy and open and inviting - love the wallpaper! And most importantly, the food is exceptional - notably the ceviche, which was perfectly done. I also had some cocktail with passion fruit juice that was too good. The kind of drink that goes too fast and you can drink too many of.Next time, I'll bring my partner, seems like a perfect date spot.
Me and my friend went there for lunch, loved their design and the service was warm, friendly and professional. Really good margarita, loved their nicoise and amazing Cajun style cat fish. Definitely going back there.
Authentic Cajun in lower Manhattan. Jumbalaya was layered flavors not overpowering for one ingredient or another as is often the case. Had the wings for appetizer and I normally do not like them crispy but these were very good. Good char on outside but juicy inside. Served with 2 very different dipping sauces. Sat at bar. Margarita was good. Service excellent without being over bearing. Nice ambience to this place. Highly recommend.
I wish I had more time to write a review, but this place was amazing. We are visiting NYC for the first time, and we've had some great food. However, this was the first place that blew us away. We had the Fried Green Tomatoes, Spinach-Artichoke dip, pulled pork sandwich, jumbalaya, and arugula salad. Everything was amazing. I can recommend this place enough!
OMG this place is SERIOUSLY the best. The owner, bartender, and all the staff are so hospitable and friendly. The food is AMAZING (and i dont say that lightly) and theor hot sauce is unlike any hot sauce ive ever tried. Throughout dinner my friend and i basically finished an entire bottle of hot sauce and the owner/bartender took notice and gave me a bottle to take home with me. Like that a hospitality A+++++. Their fried oysters, rice croquettes and jamabalya are sososo good. Also we tried their bread pudding louisiana style (a drizzle of whisky on top) and it was seriously out of this world. We need more restaurant like this in NY, if not the world lol. Im not being dramatic. This place is just rlly rlly rlly rlly good.
The waiter was very friendly and the atmosphere was good (New Orleans theme restaurant). I had medium well burger and gf had shrimp and grits. I loved the burger it was perfect. My gf didn't like the grits, I had a bite it was honestly tasteless. I would definitely go back, I heard their happy hour is half off drinks.
Nothing like a good cup of gumbo on a Friday!My coworker and I decided to treat ourselves to lunch today. It's Friday, we had a long week and we needed some libations to go along with girl talk. The restaurant is newly renovated and it has a NOLA french quarter feel which i love because my family originates from there. The menu was creole cajun infused and I've been craving gumbo. To my surprise that is the first thing mentioned on the menu. I ordered gumbo with a side of mac n cheese and my friend ordered crab cakes with a side of mac. IT WAS AMAZING. The gumbo is by far one of the best gumbo's ive ever had. Even though we sat at the bar, the waitress was very attentive and the drinks were perfect. We will for sure be going back.
We tried 1803 with a group of 8. They seated us on balcony. Superior service from Karen. Shared many apps, especially enjoyed grilled oysters, ceviche, fried green tomatoes, spinach dip, chicken wings.  
So my first experience here was great. Unpretentious bar on the water with decent food and drink, but my second time ruined it completely. First of all, the system is so inefficient ! There was always a huge line and it wasn't even crowded. They had one person handling all of the food and drink orders. Have some people walk around with beers and allow other staff members to handle money. It was nuts and prevented us from buying a lot more of their products. They lose and we lose. But the main reason for the one star is the owner. He came over to a girl (who wasn't with us) extremely aggressive and told her to stop sitting on the table but in a much ruder way. She said ok you could have asked nicely and he proceeded to say you want to get down or you want me to push you down. Get your fucking ass off my table. This is a 60 year old man speaking to a mid twenties girl. It was the first time he spoke to her. It's not as if she was continuing to disrespect him. It was truly disgusting behavior. He was so rude and aggressive it was unbelievable. With an owner like this and an inefficient system where you have to wait a long time for each drink this place is not worth it even for the view.
I love this place! Very chill outdoor spot. I've been here a couple of times & still it amazes me looking at manhattan skyline. Whenever I have friends who visit me here in nyc I always bring them here coz of course, they wanna take picture of the skyline & at the same time we can enjoy cold beer & eat yummy burger. My suggestion is come here when its night time. You can see the lights & its really pretty to take pictures. The view is amazing!
Something missing for it to be 5 stars but, it's a wonderful place to grab a beer with a great view!
Such a beautiful view! Tristan and I got here a few minutes after it opened. It was pretty empty, but we could tell when we were leaving that ppl were piling in! The owners are super friendly and helpful; the only issue is that it's hard navigating since it's in the cut.Tristan ordered the Picanha ($18), which was super filling and delicious. The beef/steak was cooked perfectly and the yuca that was on the side added much flavor. He got so much corn (I was super jealous) since I got the chorizo. We both thought the chorizo ($10) was wonderful as well (just not as filling). You def get a solid deal/price. Also a great spot for some beer and drinks!! Cash onlyyy.
Love this neighborhood bar with views of NYC. If you live in the area, this is a casual and cheap spot to enjoy a brewski on a warm summer day. Highly recommend this place for its laid-back vibes.
Quickly became a favorite outdoor chill spot after a few visits. The several occasions I've been there it hasn't been too packed, probably because it's a little off the beaten track. Good place to visit after LIC Food & Flea if you're already in the area and want to explore a bit more. Hardest decision you'll have to make here will be which filter to use when Instagramming the backdrop. #ormaybenofilter?
Pretty great place! FYI it's cash only, but they do have an ATM nearby. Decent prices and the place has a great view. Went on a Saturday afternoon and was able to get a table right on the water. Definitely recommend for large and small groups!
*** CASH ONLY! ***Loved stopping by this place. I've been here twice in the past month or so. First time was a late weekday night where the place was pretty empty and the second was a weekend at sunset. I love the ambiance, totally a place you can come with family (even the little ones) and watch the beautiful skyline while enjoying some wine, beer or cocktails. The beer selection isnt too large, they didn't have coors or bud light but the stella was good and the margaritas were even better! The chorizo dish was SO yum and I normally am not a sausage person. The staff is super friendly and there is plenty of table space. As a parent I love finding places like this, where you can relax and unwind, have a drink without needing to order a meal or even food at all and still bring your kids or family. Definitely a place I would (and already have) recommend to friends.
Great spot for sun and hanging out on the tables enjoying friends, alone time or whatever.
Came here on a hot day and about a total of 10 people in the whole place. PERFECT. Drinks are good and the food is tasty. Great views of the city and perfectly tucked away.
Make sure you look at your bank statement after coming here. This place charged me $20.00 for one beer that was only $8.00 with tip. I called and they said they couldn't find my receipt and that I would have to physically come in to sort it out. I went there twice and the manager wasn't there. This place will rip you off if you're not careful, giving 2 stars cause I used to come here a lot.
I went to Brooklyn looking for Spuyten Duyvil on a recommendation from a friend, and somehow wasn't able to find it... but I stumbled upon Banter instead, and $3 beers got me in the door.A friendly footie-obsessed bar with good beer and cider? Pretty good deal in my book. Service was good and the drinks delicious, nice place to get out of the heat for a while (and to watch a couple of games while I did it.)
My go to bar for soccer. All EPL, Champions League, MLS, etc. I've even seen them hook a laptop up to their screens for some second tier league games. Friendly staff, good beer selection, relaxed vibe.
Really enjoyed their Moscow Mule! Very chill atmosphere especially if you like to watch soccer, you cannot get enough of it here!
Cool place to get drunk and watch soccer. Bartenders are nice. The place is cozy. They have a happy hour till 8 with awesome deals
Make sure that if you pay with cash to collect a receipt. The bartender that served me tried to cheat me out of $10. The food is lackluster and the owner is unprofessional.
We stopped in while waiting for a table at a nearby restaurant. Its like an Irish-English football (soccer, to the uninitiated) pub but in the best sense--it didn't seem cliche or anything.They had bloody marys on special for $4. My friend said it was a little overly spicy and unfortunately did not have a chaser. They had magners cider on tap which i had and thoroughly enjoyed (no pear flavor though--boo!) Overall it seemed a decent place to stop into -- while visiting the area or if you lived there.  It looked like they served food too.
Was excited to try this place for its big TV's, nice selection of board games and decent draught list. Came on a Saturday mid-afternoon and the place is PACKED. There was a soccer (futbol, whichever preferred) game going on, which is apparently a thing here.Crowd made it hard to get a drink, but managed after 16 minutes. Wanted to try the board games out but would have been hell to ask the bartender for that request. On the plus side, did manage to snag a table near the back, but the place was loud. I think keeping a huge TV behind the bar is a mistake, since everyone will crowd around there, making it hard for people who actually want to order something.Wouldn't mind coming back if they're playing a game I want to watch, but seems like a standard sports pub.
I came here with a group of friends on a Sunday afternoon. I can't really say much about the drinks because beer is beer and my vodka tonic turned out to be a vodka soda, which I hate, but still drank because... alcohol. They have outdoor seating, which was convenient because I brought my dog. And they had a water bowl, which was perfect.
Soccer bar in Williamsburg!!! Love it.Prices are amazing,bartenders are beyond amazing and friendly.Two huge projector screens and board games incase your team is losing and still want to have a good time.I'll be watching all NYCFC away games here.
Nothing basic about this burger and place. Great basic burger and chicken burger too. Fries well fried and delish. Onion rings just like I remember at the Trio Diner in Nostrand Avenue. I mean scrumptious onion rings. Get thee to Bar Basic.
Good idea but poor execution. The location of this restaurant is great and the neighborhood is in need of smaller American fare spots; however, Bar Basic misses the mark. I went on a Saturday night and there were only a few customers eating at the time. The ambiance is welcoming and family friend. Our server, Nick, was really kind and welcoming. The service is good but the food is, at best, okay. I ordered the fried chicken burger and was so excited but when I bit in the only thing I could taste was the mayo and cole slaw on it. The chicken itself lacks flavor and was on the greasy side. The fries that came with it also weren't properly seasoned and tasted bland. Additionally, the mac-n-cheese poppers lacked any really flavor. I felt like everything I ate was tasteless. Lastly, my husband's burger was a sloppy mess; the tomato, sauce, and whatever else was smeared on it fell apart immediately. I really wanted to like Bar Basic because it's so close to my place but unless they start seasoning the food properly I won't be going back.
Awesome little burger and southern food spot. I can't wait to stop back when they have their brunch menu. Great addition to the neighborhood.
We just wandered in for their "soft opening" and had some of the best burgers and fries we have had in New York. I had the basic burger (no bun) and the fries. He had the country fried chicken burger (recommended by our waiter) with the Mac and cheese hush puppies. Everything was cooked perfectly and seasoned properly. And we had the prickly pear lemonade to sip on, and it was a perfect pairing to the spicy mayo for the fries. Definitely will be back. The have gluten free labeling on their menu and can accommodate most burgers to become gluten free (via sans bun). We sat at the bar on great solid stools with a beautiful wood bar top. So great. Love it. Can't wait to go back and try everything else on the menu!
This is going to be my favorite spot, best burger joint in the area. I.will be back soon.
Cool looking interior. Very Brooklyn. Menu looks to have all the comfort foods of a gastro. The hashbrowns were ok. Same with the meatloaf. In seeing the reviews wish I had gone with the burger. Waiter was nice and a little awkward. I agree it has potential.
Delicious food and very cute atmosphere! Highly reccomend the chicken "burger". Similar to bare burger in selection but more specialized, with attention to detail and quality! A really great place
I live in the neighborhood, and was pleasantly surprised by this new place! The burgers were tasty, fries were crispy and delicious, and the milkshakes were solid (and topped with a handful of rainbow sprinkles). Will come again!
Just ordered delivery from Bar Basic and was impressed with this new neighborhood burger joint. Burgers come unassembled in order to maximize your sandwich experience which at first I was disappointed about but in hindsight makes a lot of sense. Enjoyed the delicious flavors and fresh ingredients. Loved the pickled cabbage and the fried chicken burger was on point. Looking forward to heading into the restaurant soon.
This place just opened right near my house (and I am embarrassed to admit i've already been over 10 times). When it first opened it was AMAZING, burgers really juicy, friendly staff (they even gave away free lemonade!). However, each time i've gone back, the quality and service has seemed to have gone down a little. Don't get me wrong, still good burgers and the milkshakes will change your life...but I'm worried about what's to come if it's only been a few weeks and already things have gone a bit downhill! Last time I went in there were like 20 mosquitos around my table and food. The burger was REALLY juicy, but flavorless. Like, it seemed as if water was coming out of it. The fries were also all really small sort of too crispy pieces, like just the fried skins. Also there was one server who was also the host and taking take out orders, so the service was incredibly slow. I hope they can bring the quality back up a bit, but for now, I'm going to take a rest from this place.
Ran in here for a bite after Sleep No More. What an awesome little spot. Food was very unique and really was satisfying. Drinks were delicious and full of the good stuff ;o)Plus they had some quality classic missive playing--coming to america !!! Here's a corny joke:SHE'S YOUR QUEEN TO BEA !!!!HaLove this place though great atmosphere to feel like a funky NYCer
I was pretty excited to try this place to be honest, but unfortunately, I didn't get to. Why am I reviewing then, you may ask? Well, because I needed to rate the service I received of this place because the business owner should know. Guests beware the staff is incredibly rude here, they are far from accommodating & the service is absolutely terrible. I went to this place and tried to get a table for an app and some drinks. There were lots of open tables, but I was told that they were booked solid but that I could go to the bar. So I go to the bar and there were no seats or a place to stand. We decided to wait it out for about 10 mins and a standing room table opened. We took that table but never got any service. The manager came up to us and said he would look for some seats, but never returned. In the meantime, I found a seat stashed by the piano so I grabbed that to put under our table for our coats and such. Still never got any service at this point, and another waitress comes up and tells me that she had to take my chair. I asked why and they said they needed to use it for extra seating, would that be ok? I'm like I don't really have a choice do I? So she proceeded to take the chair, which made me super annoyed. Then our "should have been waiter" came up to us and said "I was under the impression that you guys were going to go to the bar, but I guess I can be your waiter". You guess? That's your job. At that point, we had it and didn't want to give an establishment with these kind of incredibly rude employees our business. The best part is after walking out, I pulled up the Yelp app and they have tables available for reservations being booked within 2 mins. Absolutely ridiculous.
Coming from DC my friends had high expectations for bottomless brunch at Bea, and we were sadly disappointed. Apart from the French toast and the pork shoulder, the food was good. I'm not a fan of fish, but I would go back for the salmon. The French toast (if you can call it that) was half a brioche hamburger bun literally pulled out of the package and covered in strawberries and a banana slice. You could've at least warmed it up! The pork shoulder was just chewy and the combination of kidney beans and sour cream really missed the mark. What really bothered us was the terrible service we got. Brunch is for 2 hours, reservation required. I expect the drinks to be free flowing and the food to keep congrats for the entire 2 hours. Our waiter let us just sit their for 40 min, and nothing was brought out until we asked over and over again. On top of that, he was just rude or would try to persuade us to order less.
Wow. First of all, I'm so happy they take reservations, given how busy this place seemed. We were a party of 4-5, on a Wednesday evening, and we didn't have any trouble booking a few days in advance. We picked Bea partially because their vegetarian options are plentiful, and as 3/4 of us were veggies, this place made sense. I gave lack of one star because had I been hungrier, I would've ordered more food. My review for the food of this place is restricted to their tomato-based soup, which was delicious, but pretty average. We also ordered the house ricotta for the table to start - the dash of sea salt on there is incredible mixed with the honey! I'm intrigued to try the stuffed tomato dish. I'd love to come back here on a less busy day, or perhaps for brunch.Not to mention the decor is just absolutely adorable. Very cute & unique; this would be a great place for a date.
A great restaurant located in a location notorious for not having the best of eats!My friend was celebrating a birthday at a club nearby, and as a pregame birthday dinner she asked me to find a good spot. Bea exceeded everyone's expectations.The restaurant is adorable and the food is very good. I had the ricotta appetizer and it was awesome. Tommy's pie (which is like a shepard's pie) was a crowd favorite, and the sea bas was very fresh.The cocktails weren't that good though. I didn't like mine (too strong), and a few people didn't like theirs either. Stick to beer and wine or normal libations like margaritas, gin and tonics, etc.Overall very pleased. Good to know there's a place like this in midtown!
I used to live right across the street from Bea but never went until years after I moved out of the neighborhood (so.freaking.loud). I always saw the cute 
BEA sign outside the restaurant when I was walking home. I've been twice now, once for dinner and another time for drinks. I got the GREEN PASTA (creamy fresh spinach tagliatelle pasta with marinated shrimp) which was absolutely delicious. The sauce was not heavy at all (for a white sauce) and I really enjoyed the pasta. An appetizer I loved was the HOUSE RICOTTA (with rosemary honey and sea salt). They give you a few pieces of baguette with it. I'm obsessed with ricotta so I might be biased but I loved the combo very much. We also tired the SPICY LAMB MEATBALLS (with smoked chipotle, tomato sauce raita, and pita bread). It was yummy, but nothing memorable. Drinks: I've tried a few different ones. I think my favorite is ANYTHING GOES (Beach Plum Gin, Pomegranate Syrup, Lime Juice & Prosecco). Second fave is BROOKLYN CUE (Brooklyn Gin, Elderflower Liqueur, Cucumber, Lemon Juice, and a Sugar Rim). I think their cocktails are a bit on the sweeter side and not that strong. Great place for a group dinner or to grab a few drinks with friends. It's a little loud in there and the bar is usually packed. There's seating around the bar, but you'll be lucky to get a seat the second you get there.
3.5 stars but rounded up.RESERVATION: Made a reservation via phone about 2 weeks in advance and didn't have any trouble for a group of 6 on a Saturday night. Our reservation placed us in the outside area (which is the nicest spot).ATMOSPHERE: There are 2 sections to the restaurant. The outside is a courtyard (closed) area with a movie playing, string lights, trees and a greenhouse type roof that lets natural light in. I would say this is the ideal place because it has a great open atmosphere. The inside is more dark and also has movies playing with the bar in the middle. Also more of a romantic/date like atmosphere because of the dark lighting. Overall, a good place to eat after a show or with a date or even a birthday or group outing. It has a little bit of a "rustic" or old feel but still trendy. Kind of like Foreign Cinema in SF.FOOD: Lots of options for $15-20 and the food portions, while not HUGE are enough for 1 person to feel satisfied. DUCK TURNOVER - enough for 1 person even though it's on the appetizer side. Almost like a huge empanada, it has a puff pastry like outer shell that is flaky and crusty. It also has other Mexican like toppings. My friends said it was pretty good.MAC N CHEESE - a good thing to share with everyone, for a group of 5 (one person didn't come) we each got 2-3 spoonfuls. It doesn't seem to have bacon but it has a bacon taste in it somehow...the pasta was a little overcooked but the cheese wasn't overpowering or too cheesy and I liked that the top was breaded and baked so it was drier.ENGLISH MUFFIN BURGER - the most bang for your buck in my opinion since it's a huge burger and fries. The fries are rustically cut with skin still on them and pretty good. The burger is thick, the patty is like the size of a filet mignon. I asked for medium rare and it was more medium. The flavor of the patty itself was a little forgettable but the cheese is shredded and then slightly melted, which was interesting. The cheese was flavorful and added a good "punch." The English muffin was also interesting, it was thin but crispy. How an English muffin normally tastes toasted and it actually made a good hamburger bun!Overall, decent/good food, not amazing but good for what it is and a good atmosphere.
Finally got to try this place out after being bookmarked for a while. Came here with a group of 12 total for a birthday gathering. My friend reserved ahead of time and was able to accomdate us. The walk in into this resturant is dimmed light with music and people talking. It felt nice and cozy in which how a Saturday night should be. We got sat down quickly in a decent size curtained room for our group. All round individual tables(meant for 2) inside which was inconvenience to sit together so we had to split 6 and 6 on one side and the other side leaving the center for waiters to walk in and out. There was definitly a Lost of socialization since it was good distance apart where as a group is usually together as a whole.Just keep in mind they charge $25 for cutting cake which was never ever mentioned till last second we were asked to bring the cake out which was a minus.The staff were nice and easy going. They made sure we got our orders in and food & water in our table. My husband and I together, we ordered a glass of rose, a glass of red wine, lamb meatball appetizer, sea bass, and the chicken & bell pepper. We both agreed that the drinks and foods were delicious and meet our expectations. Also keep in mind, usually if you have X many guess, they automatically charge your gratitude on the bill . We were charged 20% for our group. Overall amongst 12 people totalling, splitting the bill of $669 among 11 people was not too bad(minus bday girl). That $25 for cutting the cake was no bueno.
Thank you so much for taking such wonderful care of our family during our visit to the BOWERY ROAD for brunch last Sunday. Our waiter ALEX was so accommodating and informed about our special dietary needs , very professional and always with a warm smile. My son had a wonderful time and liked that he could order special food and the chef would make it so he could have it. What a thoughtful gesture to have the chocolate cake for my niece on her birthday! It was delicious, and my son and my mom enjoyed their desserts as well. I know my niece will remember her 10th birthday for years to come!Thank you also for having the special gluten free items for my mother. I tried the banana pecan muffin and it was delicious! Once again THANK YOU SO MUCH for everything! We had a great brunch time, and ALEX helped to make it that way! We will be back next Sunday, I'll be sure to let you know in advance before we come again.Thanks again for all your hard work and consideration
This is a fancy pants place for brunch nestled away in a Hotel off from Union Square park. I came in for brunch with a friend the other week and we threw down. Drink I would recommend - The Clover Club - London Dry Gin, Strawberry, St. George Raspberry, Lemon, Egg White. I haven't had a drink this good in a long time and I was just sipping my friends because I honestly was too hungover to even drink at our brunch. But this was sex in a cup. The pure definition of everything you want out of a drink in life. Okay, I'm moving on to food. We were situated outside so I didn't see much of the inside other than noting that it was dark but with gorgeous details in the architecture, lighting, a winding swirly staircase that leads you downstairs to a winding passage of bathrooms. The service was outstanding. They checked on us constantly but at the right moments to make sure we were fat and happy. I was somewhat in my happy place because a dog costume contest also was going on down the street at the time. Small plates - My personal favorite was the Peekytoe Crab Toast. It was light and with a hint of citrus but the crab tasted insanely fresh and delicious. The steak tartare was also delicious and innovative with crispy sunchokes and shaved pecorino, maybe some capers I tasted. For our mains my friend went with the Bowery Burger - they cooked that thing to perfection. It was so medium rare it was mooing. The accompanying sauce had a nice tang to it. Short ribs egg benedict - pretty good. The short rib tasted excellent. I think I wasn't feeling the english muffin like base. There was nothing wrong with it but it didn't impress me as much as other things that came to the table. If you like a wow taste of flavor order the dish called 'the chicken or the egg' in a mole verde sauce with fresh crema and buckets and buckets of cilantro. It's like eating a fragrant broth with cilantro and a cheesy sour cream sauce with ribbons of succulent chicken and perfectly poached eggs. What a dish. Also, their pineapple upside down french toast is one of the more unique and tasty spins I've seen on french toast, which isn't something I would normally eat or try (I like savory brunches) but this is a winner dish as well. Really impressed with everything Bowery Road has to offer and I bet their cocktail hour and dinner is just as great as their brunch.
Warning: This review is based on drinks and only drinks.I am pleasantly surprised with Bowery Road, considering it's a hotel bar. It's sleek, modern, and beautiful. The cocktails are reasonably priced too...for Manhattan, that is...Anyway, I had a glass of wine and took a sip of some rum-based cocktail and it was good! The bartender was very sweet as well. Good to know a place like this exists when you need a quick escape from the hustle and bustle of Union Square.
I was really anticipating eating at Bowery Road: the combination of New American food, cocktails, and hotel atmosphere was poised to scratch my bougie spot good. What can I say? Some days you want to treat yourself and also have a conversation at a normal volume. I'm relatively soft-spoken and I was nearly the loudest person in the restaurant. I'd come back here for the sole reason that I didn't leave with a sore throat. That's not to say Bowery Road is stuffy. The waiters are friendly and will give you recommendations; the menu is not at all pretentious (though I did have to fish out a massive garnish out of my drink); and did I mention how nice and peaceful it is inside? Unfortunately, the one drawback involves the high prices. The three dollar signs is pretty accurate. Just a note that Bowery Road is inside the Union Square Hyatt hotel but they have their own street entrance. I did not know this and spent a good few minutes wandering around in the hotel lobby and making confused faces at the diners sitting right by the windows leading to the lobby. Don't be me. The entrance is closer to 12th Street than 13th. Started off with a fizzy blueberry drink. It was nice and light enough but I liked my friend's spicy jalepeno drink way more. Everything on the menu screamed at me but we got the grilled squid and the crushed avocado to start. When they say "small plates," they do mean small. I suppose that's where the bougie-ness comes in. The squid, though perfectly cooked and galaxies away from the rubbery, deep-fried mess that I grew up eating, came in four slivers. The black-eyed peas on the side also had awesome bits of bacon. The crushed avocado (... it's guac, for crying out loud) was nicely seasoned but what really stood out about the dish was the seeded crackers. Those things are so good, I couldn't stop eating them. I could eat a whole plate of them on their own. I wasn't terribly hungry so I got the summertime salad. Let's just say the "Plants & Grains" section of the menu certainly befits the appetite of a rabbit. It came with a tart dressing and lots of shaved carrots but the portion size definitely does not justify the $12-13 price tag. If you don't mind paying about $25-30 for a plant-based dinner, I would get two items from "Plants & Grains." My friends' burger and pork looked more filling. Overall, a great place to have a quiet, grown-up dinner but the price tag to portion size ratio doesn't quite push Bowery Road into 5-star territory for me.
Had a lovely al fresco dinner with my bf on Sunday night. After having this place bookmarked since it opened, it didn't disappoint. Food, wine, service, and setting were perfect. The menu changes a bit every now and then (I guess depending on seasonal ingredients as they source from Union Square Farmers' Market). We shared the crushed avocado and tomato chutney appetizer ($12) which came with homemade flaxseed and sesame crackers. It was such so perfect! Avocados were fresh and ripe and the crackers were like something I haven't had in a while. I wished they sold those separately. Server said they make them in-house with ingredients from Chelsea market. As mains, I had the grilled branzino ($24) with Jersey corn succotash and sauce verte. The sauce was incredible and made an otherwise plain dish stand out. My boyfriend had the burger ($16), which he said it was good (Pat Lafrieda beef).Wine selection was very good. I love the menu is divided by the body of the wine (for reds "Lean & Elegant", "Sturdy & Savory" and "Robust & Rich"). We had a 2008 Tempranillo Lopez Heredia from Spain ($58) which was delicious and perfect temperature (I could tell they had it in a wine fridge).For dessert we had the cheesecake, sent with complementary vanilla and caramel ice cream. It was amazing! Save room for it.Will be back to try that beer can chicken and their appetizers that looked very interesting. Lots of options for vegetarians and meat lovers (there is at least one dish of each animal - fish, chicken, pork, beef, lamb).
NYC hotel eatery. informal-ish plates in a fancy-ish setting.it's an American brasserie that i daresay has got a bit o' "brass" the chef here has some chops bc the dishes are definitely not weak...however the kitchen-fu could be stronger. assume that the Hyatt places constraints on food & bevs as it could be more balls to the wall!Bowery Road is perfect for wining & dining basic out-of-towners, family members who annoy you with their lack of knowing anything about anything, and times when you need a solid spot that doesn't have a wait day or night (biz lunches & dinners downtown). you like red meat, cooked well? me too. get the burger medium rare. the "Bowery burger" is good. the fries are crispy and sew up the cheeseburger plate nicely. this place is an A- to A+ for an early or late business lunches--quick to seat, good service, and a diverse choices on a focused menu. Bowery Road is priced perfectly for a hotel restaurant. priced not-so-well for the area with a lot of different diverse eats at better prices. the social media by the Hyatt or the restaurant group for Bowery Road is about as engaging as a bag of farts. translation: not engaging at all. it's a shame because with a few simple pivots and a paradigm shift in philosophy...this place could be much much more than a "hotel restaurant" and have the facets of a neighborhood germ. oh well. great space, good food, meh engagement. drops mic cuz i ain't dropping knowledge for free. i outzzz
Thank you so much for taking such wonderful care of our family during our visit to the BOWERY ROAD for brunch last Sunday. Our waiter ALEX was so accommodating and informed about our special dietary needs , very professional and always with a warm smile. My son had a wonderful time and liked that he could order special food and the chef would make it so he could have it. What a thoughtful gesture to have the chocolate cake for my niece on her birthday! It was delicious, and my son and my mom enjoyed their desserts as well. I know my niece will remember her 10th birthday for years to come!Thank you also for having the special gluten free items for my mother. I tried the banana pecan muffin and it was delicious! Once again THANK YOU SO MUCH for everything! We had a great brunch time, and ALEX helped to make it that way! We will be back next Sunday, I'll be sure to let you know in advance before we come again.Thanks again for all your hard work and consideration
This is a fancy pants place for brunch nestled away in a Hotel off from Union Square park. I came in for brunch with a friend the other week and we threw down. Drink I would recommend - The Clover Club - London Dry Gin, Strawberry, St. George Raspberry, Lemon, Egg White. I haven't had a drink this good in a long time and I was just sipping my friends because I honestly was too hungover to even drink at our brunch. But this was sex in a cup. The pure definition of everything you want out of a drink in life. Okay, I'm moving on to food. We were situated outside so I didn't see much of the inside other than noting that it was dark but with gorgeous details in the architecture, lighting, a winding swirly staircase that leads you downstairs to a winding passage of bathrooms. The service was outstanding. They checked on us constantly but at the right moments to make sure we were fat and happy. I was somewhat in my happy place because a dog costume contest also was going on down the street at the time. Small plates - My personal favorite was the Peekytoe Crab Toast. It was light and with a hint of citrus but the crab tasted insanely fresh and delicious. The steak tartare was also delicious and innovative with crispy sunchokes and shaved pecorino, maybe some capers I tasted. For our mains my friend went with the Bowery Burger - they cooked that thing to perfection. It was so medium rare it was mooing. The accompanying sauce had a nice tang to it. Short ribs egg benedict - pretty good. The short rib tasted excellent. I think I wasn't feeling the english muffin like base. There was nothing wrong with it but it didn't impress me as much as other things that came to the table. If you like a wow taste of flavor order the dish called 'the chicken or the egg' in a mole verde sauce with fresh crema and buckets and buckets of cilantro. It's like eating a fragrant broth with cilantro and a cheesy sour cream sauce with ribbons of succulent chicken and perfectly poached eggs. What a dish. Also, their pineapple upside down french toast is one of the more unique and tasty spins I've seen on french toast, which isn't something I would normally eat or try (I like savory brunches) but this is a winner dish as well. Really impressed with everything Bowery Road has to offer and I bet their cocktail hour and dinner is just as great as their brunch.
Warning: This review is based on drinks and only drinks.I am pleasantly surprised with Bowery Road, considering it's a hotel bar. It's sleek, modern, and beautiful. The cocktails are reasonably priced too...for Manhattan, that is...Anyway, I had a glass of wine and took a sip of some rum-based cocktail and it was good! The bartender was very sweet as well. Good to know a place like this exists when you need a quick escape from the hustle and bustle of Union Square.
I was really anticipating eating at Bowery Road: the combination of New American food, cocktails, and hotel atmosphere was poised to scratch my bougie spot good. What can I say? Some days you want to treat yourself and also have a conversation at a normal volume. I'm relatively soft-spoken and I was nearly the loudest person in the restaurant. I'd come back here for the sole reason that I didn't leave with a sore throat. That's not to say Bowery Road is stuffy. The waiters are friendly and will give you recommendations; the menu is not at all pretentious (though I did have to fish out a massive garnish out of my drink); and did I mention how nice and peaceful it is inside? Unfortunately, the one drawback involves the high prices. The three dollar signs is pretty accurate. Just a note that Bowery Road is inside the Union Square Hyatt hotel but they have their own street entrance. I did not know this and spent a good few minutes wandering around in the hotel lobby and making confused faces at the diners sitting right by the windows leading to the lobby. Don't be me. The entrance is closer to 12th Street than 13th. Started off with a fizzy blueberry drink. It was nice and light enough but I liked my friend's spicy jalepeno drink way more. Everything on the menu screamed at me but we got the grilled squid and the crushed avocado to start. When they say "small plates," they do mean small. I suppose that's where the bougie-ness comes in. The squid, though perfectly cooked and galaxies away from the rubbery, deep-fried mess that I grew up eating, came in four slivers. The black-eyed peas on the side also had awesome bits of bacon. The crushed avocado (... it's guac, for crying out loud) was nicely seasoned but what really stood out about the dish was the seeded crackers. Those things are so good, I couldn't stop eating them. I could eat a whole plate of them on their own. I wasn't terribly hungry so I got the summertime salad. Let's just say the "Plants & Grains" section of the menu certainly befits the appetite of a rabbit. It came with a tart dressing and lots of shaved carrots but the portion size definitely does not justify the $12-13 price tag. If you don't mind paying about $25-30 for a plant-based dinner, I would get two items from "Plants & Grains." My friends' burger and pork looked more filling. Overall, a great place to have a quiet, grown-up dinner but the price tag to portion size ratio doesn't quite push Bowery Road into 5-star territory for me.
Had a lovely al fresco dinner with my bf on Sunday night. After having this place bookmarked since it opened, it didn't disappoint. Food, wine, service, and setting were perfect. The menu changes a bit every now and then (I guess depending on seasonal ingredients as they source from Union Square Farmers' Market). We shared the crushed avocado and tomato chutney appetizer ($12) which came with homemade flaxseed and sesame crackers. It was such so perfect! Avocados were fresh and ripe and the crackers were like something I haven't had in a while. I wished they sold those separately. Server said they make them in-house with ingredients from Chelsea market. As mains, I had the grilled branzino ($24) with Jersey corn succotash and sauce verte. The sauce was incredible and made an otherwise plain dish stand out. My boyfriend had the burger ($16), which he said it was good (Pat Lafrieda beef).Wine selection was very good. I love the menu is divided by the body of the wine (for reds "Lean & Elegant", "Sturdy & Savory" and "Robust & Rich"). We had a 2008 Tempranillo Lopez Heredia from Spain ($58) which was delicious and perfect temperature (I could tell they had it in a wine fridge).For dessert we had the cheesecake, sent with complementary vanilla and caramel ice cream. It was amazing! Save room for it.Will be back to try that beer can chicken and their appetizers that looked very interesting. Lots of options for vegetarians and meat lovers (there is at least one dish of each animal - fish, chicken, pork, beef, lamb).
NYC hotel eatery. informal-ish plates in a fancy-ish setting.it's an American brasserie that i daresay has got a bit o' "brass" the chef here has some chops bc the dishes are definitely not weak...however the kitchen-fu could be stronger. assume that the Hyatt places constraints on food & bevs as it could be more balls to the wall!Bowery Road is perfect for wining & dining basic out-of-towners, family members who annoy you with their lack of knowing anything about anything, and times when you need a solid spot that doesn't have a wait day or night (biz lunches & dinners downtown). you like red meat, cooked well? me too. get the burger medium rare. the "Bowery burger" is good. the fries are crispy and sew up the cheeseburger plate nicely. this place is an A- to A+ for an early or late business lunches--quick to seat, good service, and a diverse choices on a focused menu. Bowery Road is priced perfectly for a hotel restaurant. priced not-so-well for the area with a lot of different diverse eats at better prices. the social media by the Hyatt or the restaurant group for Bowery Road is about as engaging as a bag of farts. translation: not engaging at all. it's a shame because with a few simple pivots and a paradigm shift in philosophy...this place could be much much more than a "hotel restaurant" and have the facets of a neighborhood germ. oh well. great space, good food, meh engagement. drops mic cuz i ain't dropping knowledge for free. i outzzz
Came here for a quick, fast lunch.Great burger - great bun!I'd go back!
A nice spot for an upscale brunch.Brought my family here when they were in town. We wanted a classic American breakfast and we were (mostly) satisfied with what we got here. I say mostly because I was disappointed with my omelet... it was $17 and was so cheap tasting. Besides my order, my mom and sister enjoyed their french toast and breakfast sandwiches.I rate Parker & Quinn higher than the experience I had with my food because the restaurant has a luxurious vibe that makes everything taste better.-- taste / 3aesthetics / 4vibe / 5service / 5price for quality / 2OVERALL / 4
Nice and friendly spot in midtown - stopped in for a last-minute meal and really enjoyed the evening. Cool that they could get us a table for 3 as a walk in on a busy Wednesday night. Had oysters (East and West) which were delicious and really loved the octopus appetizer. So tender and delicious. Also had the Brussels sprouts which was like deep fried something in sweet & sour sauce. Across the table, the meatballs were a hit.Cool vibe, good spot and really had a nice time.
This place is near Bryant park so it's a good brunch place and then a nice walk in nature.We got the crab cakes and waffles to share amongst two. The crab cakes were delicious, but the presentation of the waffle was a bit underwhelming. It looked like a nice waffle made out at my house with a waffle iron. The service was good, water refilled promptly and sharing plates were offered. Maybe the underwhelming presentation of the waffle is just limited to that dish as the pictures on yelp look quite good.
Made reservations for a weekend brunch (Sat @11am), just a day beforehand. Easy peasy! When we arrived, it was busy but not crowded. We were seated immediately and food came out really fast! Our server was helpful, giving us some specific recommendations as opposed to the usual (and unhelpful) "everything's great!" My friend got the Acai Bowl and enjoyed how refreshing it was. A big plus for the great textures going on - with a fun mixture of granola, fresh berries, bananas, and chocolate! I got the recommended Mushroom Omelette and thought it was just alright. There are 2 camps for omelette lovers: Camp 1 for those that like the toppings/ingredients tossed in with the eggs and Camp 2 for those that like the egg to be separated and serve almost like a case for the toppings. I'm a happy member of Camp 1 so I was a little disappointed that my omelette was more like an egg burrito for the mushrooms. the eggs themselves were fluffy but almost tasted artificial. The texture was very reminiscent of the types of omelettes I would be served on long international flights - just abnormally thick and soft. The filling was a combo of mushroom and gruyere, with a light sprinkling of tomatoes. It felt a bit too oily for my taste and I didn't love it. Overall, not the best brunch option in the city but def a good find if you're looking for a fast, stress-free meal.
It was my last day in NYC (Saturday AM) and my flight was leaving early and I found this place around the corner from my hotel that opened at 7am and served "Brunch" on Saturday Morning..not heard of and I might add a "novel idea" and "wake up" call to other restaurants who refuse to open their doors for "Brunch" earlier than 10am on a Saturday.Phenomenal Crab Cake Eggs Benedict Duo...HUGE...I mean...ABSOLUTELY HUGE...amount of lump crab cake atop freshly sauted spinach in which there was a perfectly poached egg atop of each crab cake with hollandaise sauce...all of this was lifted atop what appeared to be a house made English Muffin....."Pure Paradise!"I also ordered:A Bloody Mary-which was JUST OK=did not finish-disappointed with the garnish...Fresh Squeezed Orange Juice=PerfectYukon Potatoes=Huge Portion and ExcellentA special thanks to the bartender/server-Blanca...who checked in on me and was very professional and attentive....FYI-Odd place in that when you entered-the staff seemed to be congregating within the bar area and not really "doing" their job of "Meet and Greet" in fact at one time...there was an echoing of glass falling on the floor and breaking followed by a yelp exclaiming "Bar Karma!" which was entertaining..but odd...
Great brunch.  Nice atmosphere, good service, eclectic sound track.My husband enjoyed the smoked salmon platter (classic NY bagel) and I had the smoked salmon flatbread which I highly recommend.  Probably the best thing I've eaten in a long while.
Great ambiance and friendly efficient service. Had the waffle, French toast, poached eggs and side of bacon. All perfectly cooked. A little pricey for breakfast but a good experience.
Came here for lunch on a Wednesday. The place was pretty full and I didn't have a reservation. Just me and one other person and it took about 10 minutes to be seated but we had a small little high top, which was fine, but I would definitely recommend making a reservation ahead of time just in case. The decor and ambience of the restaurant/bar was very nice looking. The lunch menu has a good amount of options and I was very tempted with multiple different meals to order. I haven't read a ton of reviews for here so I didn't know what to except really but was very pleasantly surprised. We ended up going with the meatballs as the appetizer. Honestly they were mouthwatering. I could have kept eating them if I had more. For our meal we both ended up going with the French dip sandwich. Also went out of my norm here with the shredded steak being the meat on the sandwich. But it was literally so good. The meat was also mouthwatering like the meatballs. I chose the French fries as my side which did not disappoint at all. Overall no complaints for Parker & Quinn. I especially recommend it if you work in midtown and are looking for a longer lunch or special occasion lunch.
We were billeted at the refinery and this is one of their 3 restaurants on the property. Having been too lazy to walk under the rain we opted to try and have breakfast here. We ordered just basics coffee,tea, oatmeal, yogurt and grits. Taste is underwhelming. The grits were totally dry and doesnt seem to be freshly made.  I expected the price to be higher than the usual breakfast joint but at least try to make it more palatable. Food needs improvement.
Excellent. Loved the decor - French bistro and English pub combined. Service and wait staff attentiveness was just the right level. Lucky enough to get raised banquette seating - just right for 4. Be sure to do reservations. Warm olives - nice simple starter. Sorbet was a good close-out. Main course was burger and fries - fresh and cooked just right.
Service was great; our waitress was friendly and attentive. If you're thinking of getting dessert, order the cookie skillet. It was incredible. Prices were a little higher than I anticipated, but I had a nice experience overall.
Francesca the manager was amazing and attentive! She checked up on our table and even took the time to find out where we were from and what brought us there. Rarely do you find these days customer service like this from a manager! I was deeply impressed! And would be back in a heart beat! The food was fantastic! And the staff super friendly. I would highly recommend this place for anyone looking for great Italian eats! The burrata appetizer was out of this world! Pasta perfectly al dente and I didn't have anything I didn't like! A must try if you're in the area!!! They also have open table reservations to make it easy to book a table before you arrive.
I found a nice Brunch spot near Bryant Park, I was excited to check them out. The restaurant opens to a large bar area. The bar was very pretty, and came with few TV screens. There are bar stools all around the bar, and there are more seating by the window. To the right of the bar was booth tables, and beyond the bar was more dining area with tables and booth seating.For food, we had Malted Waffle and Steak & Eggs. They were both really tasty, better than I expected. The portion was good too. Worth every penny!The bathroom is shared with the Refinery hotel, and they are directly in front of the door of the restaurant. They had several uni-sex bathrooms, with very cool signs on the door.The brunch was a success, we had a really nice meal here. Our server, Rachel was very nice, friendly and helpful. They had a manager (?) on the floor and she was really nice and helpful also. We were well taken care of, and we really enjoyed the food, more so than we expected. I am happy we discovered another awesome place to have brunch! And yes, they are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner also, and most certainly cocktails. Read my full review of the restaurant and food on my food blog, foodlovergirl.
Happy hour is reasonable. Can't wait to come back!
Eh. Service was great. We had to wait 20mins to sit but they called us back when a seat opened up and service was prompt and very nice. Food was ok. Except that they ran out of half of the food on the menu before 7:30pm.Nothing special and very expensive for what you get. We got an assortment of appetizers. $19 for 3 ok sliders? Not worth. The buns were nicely toasted but the overall flavor was nothing special. $19 for 3 small fish tacos? Again if it was amazing I wouldn't mind but the flavor was a bit one dimensional. The fish was prepared well and perfectly crispy but the flavor was a bit lacking. What was most disappointing was the bokchoy. $9 for literally 6 tiny leaves of bokchoy in what tasted like store bought oyster sauce? Definitely a rip off.The mango bar dessert was again ok. A bit too sweet and the coconut shavings gave it an overly chewy texture.Overall, there's nothing really special about this place. The drinks looks nice but the food was mediocre. Not worth the price.
after recently returning from a trip to hawaii, i was craving some authentic hawaiian food. my craving grew stronger everytime i found a poke restaurant, but NO eateries that serve poi, lilikoi, loco moco, haupia, kalua pig, etc. opening just 10 weeks ago, i'm now looking forward to returning to the highwater since they're launching a new menu on tuesday!truffle taro fries - these were amazing! i love taro, and could still taste the truffle flavor HOURS after we left. they also sprinkled some sesame seeds on top of this side order of fries, which was a nice touch.hawaiian hanger - i got this specifically for the mashed taro, which was delicious; the texture was like mashed potatoes and had a bit of sweetness from the taro. for $19, an extra vegetable and a little more mashed taro would have made this plate more substantial. it's never a good sign when your plate arrives, and multiple people wonder "where's the rest of the food?"lilikoi, mango, white chocolate dessert - mango and white chocolate are more of my favorite flavors. with the lilikoi, this dessert was extra tart, which was fine by me. another standout of the highwater was the service. our waitresses were friendly and even apologetic when it took longer than usual for them to come back to take our food order. an apology from a waitress? you wouldn't get that in most manhattan restaurants!i hope the highwater continues to bring us back to hawaii with moderately priced, authentic recipes served with aloha. mahalo!
Exceeded brunch spot in astoria!Musbi was fantastic and reminded us of Hawaii for sure. Plus kona beer, can't go wrong.
The Highwater is a nice place. It's got a Honolulu meets Toronto vibe about it, if that makes sense.Service was friendly and efficient. The decor is fun and very Hawaiian/tropical.The food was all decent to good. I tried the baby bok choy, the karaage, the pok, the taro fries, and the grilled shrimp. The best items were the baby bok choy and the karaage by far- delicious! I also had a Skittles cocktail which had Skittles at the bottom. One was fun, two was a bit too much sugar... The only dish I wasn't crazy about, and neither was my wife, was the pok, which was too sweet with ginger and pineapple. Recommended overall!
The employees here actually like their jobs. You can tell. And that makes the experience that much more amazing. Arrived a little late, their kitchen was closed but suggested a spot for food and allowed us to bring it back! Oh, and they'll even provide the utensils. Interesting and creative menu + drink menu. Will be back for the food- appears to be Asian influenced. Will update this review. Otherwise, the vibe is super chill with good music. Perfect for either a date or just to hang out. No ruckus.
Great staff and great bar. Wish I lived closer!Love the theme and the vibe. Definitely worth a visit if you're in Astoria.
So I decided to bring my girls here Monday after work and lets just say the staff members, Daniel and Erin are amaaaaazing. Erin's PLAYLIST and her attitude was incredible. I love her, she attended to our every need. This will be my goto Monday spot... here's to my overall cap:Drinks: if you like sour then go for Inca Trail or The Heel Tap. If you like sweet drinks then go for the skittles or donna maria. Food: OMG FISH TACOS and the TARO MASH!!! Yaaaassss!! You cannot go wrong! I hope this place sticks around.. cheers to the #mondaycrew
Cool vibe to this place. I haven't had any of the drinks or food yet just checked it out, it was crowded and didn't have time. But seems like a 4 star place.Thanks to global warming it's hot! It's almost winter but it's like tropical air in NYC.  They could have used a ceiling fan. That would created the perfect vibe because at this place you actually feel like you're in Tahiti or Fiji or a Duran Duran video.  Can't wait to try mimosas. Also lot's of sexy ppl come here!
DAAAAAAMNNNN DANIELLLLL!!! DANIEL WAS AWESOOOOME! I felt like I was talking to a person rather than a waiter. He listened to my preference in drinks and recommended the right drink!! I ended up loving the drink. Place: I live their vibe. It's a restaurant but it's ran by people. They greet with a smile and strike up convo when they see fit. It was a really nice experience for a date. Food: The food was tasty. My gf had the hanger steak and she loved it. She did wish it came with a bit more taro mash. For $20 the plate did look fairly small but delicious. Drinks: worth it. Dirty martini's were great according to the gf. Daniel reccomended the chuck norris and it was really good. Turns out.. I like smoky drinks haha! Staff: I can't stress this enough. The staff is attentive and engaging. Daniel really stood out to me because I spoke to him the most. I asked him, how did he like the job and he told me it was the best job because he didn't feel consumed by work. He was true to himself and was allowed to express who he was fearlessly. I appreciate allowing your employee's to be themselves. If you treat your employee's well in return they will treat your customers the same. I will be coming back! Wish they had more options on the menu. The taro fries were money!!!
Wow! Just left brunch at The Highwater and this is my new spot! I don't even want to share this review because I don't want y'all crowding it up! Just kidding! The space is beautiful, the waitress was so sweet and the food...the food is delicious! I got the breakfast wrap and my friend got the burger. We both devoured our meals. The drink selection is off the hook and I can't wait to go back with friends to try the cocktail menu. They have a bunch of island themed cocktails and craft beer. We had pured prosecco with our meals. The average entree price is about $16. I will be back for sure!
A very nice new place in Astoria. Great service,cute and cozy atmosphere. The food was good,we ordered a arugula salad with mango and a burger,it was delicious! But the cocktails were ok. Nothing extraordinary. We will be back!
Unique, quality ingredients, intelligent preparations. Interior Decoration is interesting, my favorite element being the cast concrete facade in the bar.
This place is great. The guys that run it are very customer oriented so the service is good. The chef and mixologist put unique twists on their food and cocktails that make them stand out among the other places to eat and drink in Astoria.
Wow...what an amazing new addition to Astoria ! This place has it all! Foremost, the drinks are 1st rate. Their list of specialty cocktails are extremely unique, beautifully presented, and well priced. The food is also top notch! They offer a diverse and delicious menu of Island themed cuisine. The fish and Pork Belly taco's were the best I've ever had! Finally, the staff are all rock stars! Gabriel, the bartender, is THE MAN! He makes everyone feel super special and well attended to. The rest of the staff are all equally brilliant and accommodating. All in all...The High Water gets my "highest" praises! Great place for a date...great place for a beautiful meal...great place to escape the craziness that's NYC...and find a little piece of the Islands!
The Smith is always a winner for brunch. Make. A. Reservation! You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. I got the egg white omelette, which was healthy and filling, yet light. It's nothing outstanding, but it satisfies. If you like goat cheese and spinach, get it. Comes with a small greens salad, too. My friend got the Sicilian baked eggs (very similar to shakshuka if you're unfamiliar with this entree), which I've gotten before and absolutely love. Tried a bite, and made a mental note to get it again next time. Other friend got the classic eggs benedict, the classic bacon and eggs on an English muffin. I love the ambiance that The Smith embodies: bright, buzzing with conversation, modern, filled with ambitious, yet relaxed, professionals and families. Our waitress, Jenny, was super friendly and helpful. Our coffees were refilled over and over, and when my friend said it wasn't strong enough for him, she gladly swapped it out for an espresso. Great service all around!
Pluses include:- Dope looking place (they must have poured serious coin into this joint)- Complimentary still AND sparkling water bottles with "endless" refills (which would be cool, if the sparkling didn't turn flat so quickly)- Complimentary bread and butter (butter is solid, bread would be good if it wasn't 7-seconds away from being completely stale)- The mac & cheese is as advertised and reported by fellow Yelpers, and generously portionedQuasi-negatives include:- The tomato soup with cheese melt was overly salty and the "French onion" style to this dish was a bit odd- The battered cod sandwich, with house potato chips, while decent, was too heavy on the oil and too light on the dressingFull on negative is one:- The prices ... they are ridiculously high for the type of restaurant and the food they serve (and anyone that reads my reviews knows that I rarely, if ever, comment on pricing)
Loved everything!From the decor, to the service, to the food.. The Smith checked off all of our boxes. Came here for a brunch with my girlfriends on a Saturday morning. Our reservations were for 11:30am and we were seated right away. The place is relatively large and was packed out, with a pretty long line of people waiting outside for seats. We got a nice little spot right by the large open doors to enjoy the fall breeze - the day was perfect!Our waitress was wonderful! Very attentive, helpful & friendly :) The menu is extensive and there are a ton of options for whatever you might be in the mood - from oysters, to eggs Benedict to sandwiches and steaks. A lot of variety which we were excited about!I ordered the cod sandwich w| a side of fries - I devoured my sandwich in like 5 minutes it was sooo good! The bun was perfectly crisp on the outside and soft on the inside. The cod was cooked to perfection and the cole slaw added everything that the sandwich needed! One of my friends had the avocado toast topped with a poached egg.. the toast looked delicious and she said she really enjoyed her meal.My other friend had a craving for seafood so she opted for the lobster roll with a side of French fries & whole heartedly enjoyed her meal. They are very generous with the lobster! We shared the pancakes w| the whipped ricotta, roasted pecans & caramel sauce - AMAZING. One of our favorite things that we tried here! Definitely get the pancakes!!! The cappuccinos were great & strong.. and so were our drinks! I had the Bloody Mary. Definitely recommend The Smith! We truly enjoyed everything and it was a great start to a perfect Saturday afternoon! We will be back!
I've heard a lot of good things about brunch here so I thought I would give it another shot. My friend had a reservation for 1pm. Unfortunately, I couldn't make it on time for my reservation so I just told my friend to snag 2 seats at the bar for us. If it was a larger party there definitely would have been a wait for a table or seats at the bar. We ordered some chips to share that were topped with blue cheese fondue. I ordered the Sicilian baked eggs with spicy tomato sauce, artichokes, burrata, spinach, and ciabatta. The chips were alright but after a while the chips became soggy with the toppings. When it was fresh it was pretty tasty but such a large portion it would be better if we were in a larger group. The eggs were surprisingly really good! I ended up eating all of it. The ciabatta bread however was pretty hard and I ended up not eating it. My friend ordered an eggs Benedict and she really liked it.The thing that was lacking was the service. I had no idea which bartender was waiting for me. My friend ended up telling me he left half way through our meal and didn't say anything. It was hard ordering any beverages because I wasn't sure who took our drink. I would have had more cocktails if someone actually came around to us. The saving grace however was the Photo Booth at the end. I love a good photoshoot!
Best brunch in Midtown East. Expect a wait if you don't have a reservation but there are many seats at the bar. Service is fast and friendly and we were impressed with how quickly the food came out. We tried the Sicilian Baked Eggs and Breakfast Pot Pie. Both were amazing. The tanginess of the tomato sauce in the Sicilian Baked Eggs paired with the artichoke was such a delicious combination! The Pot Pie was rich and flavorful with three perfect eggs on top. Doesn't seem like they're doing the one free drink with brunch any more but I still enjoyed my grapefruit mimosa!
It's a hard decision for The Smith. Yes, there are many reviews and people say this is one of THE places to get breakfast/brunch. The atmosphere is amazing. The communal seating area that's first come first serve is terrific if you don't have a large group/reservation. The service is prompt and efficient with complimentary sparkling and still water.But the eggs benedict were overpriced at $17 for cold food for the same portion you can get elsewhere for cheaper. The poached eggs were watery. The english muffin wasn't crispy. The hollandaise was fresh and very lemony though. The hash was cold but thankfully still crispy along the edges. Sure the food came out right after I ordered but it goes to show it wasn't that fresh. Their Kensington Ketchup tastes like salsa FYI because they use green bell peppers in their mix. I loved how there were hooks under the table to hang your bag and the entire restaurant just had amazing natural lighting. From sitting by the open windows, to the bar area, to the communal table, and all the way to interior back area the design and execution is really flawless. I didn't feel like waiting for eternity at Ess-a-bagel and there was practically no wait here for a small group. It's not worth it to get any of the classics here so go ahead and try that breakfast pot pie or Sicilian eggs, just not the simpler things.
So disappointed in this place. You'd think for a business that is constantly busy they would know how to quote wait times correctly. But they don't. We were told the wait would be 25-35 min and we waited for 45 without hearing anything. Decided to walk up to the hostess stand to see why we were still waiting. No apology and we were told it would be 5-10 more minutes. Waited 5 more minutes and still nothing so we decided to leave. Before we left, I asked them to take our name off the list as a courtesy. Still no apology. Again, you would think that a business like this would have better customer service, especially seeing as they were fully staffed. If you want to come here, I would recommend making a reservation...somewhere else.
Made reservations for 8:30 Friday night. When we arrived early we had a short wait then were seated. Place is a little overwhelming on the noise front - they need some type of sound reduction. Our waiter quickly came over and had already been to happy hour so my friend and I decided to split the burrada and the Apple/squash salad. Both were AMAZING - if I'd had more room we definitely would have overeaten on bigger plates. With still a little room left, we tried the pumpkin bread pudding for dessert. Such a seasonal, delicious dish! It had cranberries on top and cinnamon ice cream - made me wish I could make this at home for Thanksgiving, it was perfect. Next time I'm in the City I'd definitely come back for a full blown meal!
On the search for a good brunch place in midtown early 10am on Sunday with a visitor in town and leaving to the airport by noon. This place worked out well! I was able to make ressies online and no hassles. When we arrived, the place was bustling and filled with people waiting outside for their friends or a table. This is usually a good sign. I've only been to the one in East Village, but the Smith standards go all across town. You can't go wrong here for brunch! I also like the fact that you get 1 free cocktail per brunch order included. Medium Rare Steak and Eggs with waffle potatoes -- WONDERFULEggs Benedict BelliniBloody Mary
I would highly recommend The Smith as a place to have a birthday brunch or to take your family when visiting New York. I live a few blocks away from The Smith and decided on going there with my parents thanks to the stellar Yelp reviews - fortunately, I was not disappointed. We arrived without a reservation on a Saturday morning during peak traffic time and only had to wait around 5 minutes for a table - already an incredible showcase of the service and flexibility of the restaurant!The location itself is incredibly deceiving, as it is so much larger than meets the eye at the entrance. We were led to deep into the restaurant right next to a high ceiling section that had big windows to let light in. It was absolutely gorgeous seeing the sunlight stream in and light different tables and walls all around - it gave the place a very European feel which I absolutely love.I ordered the blueberry waffles with a dollop of vanilla ice cream as I was feeling sweet over savory that day. The waffle was moist, warm, and perfectly textured - I have quite high standards when it comes to waffles (especially when accompanied with ice cream, as it tends to make it quite soggy), but it retained its texture and was perfectly complimented by the tart blueberry compote. My sister ordered potatoes with a poached egg and she also loved the dish. We will definitely be back here soon to soak in the wonderful locale and to try out some new dishes on the menu.
Who knew a superfood pancake could taste so good? Veggie pancake filled with good for you items and topped with perfectly poached eggs and arugula salad - delicious and filling! Decent service but pricey beverages - Arnold Palmer (non alcoholic) was $6!
The thing that stands out the most here are the tater tots! Get these if you want to understand the capability of a potato to make your eyes close in bliss. They kind of taste like fried seasoned perfectly fluffy mashed potatoes, and are unlike any other tot I have ever had. The burrata was great, it was a filling portion even though it is listed as an app. The Bloody Mary has a LOT of horseradish inside, so beware because it is not for the faint of heart. Love the fact that it comes with delicious gruyere cheese, though ;)
A girl's bachelorette weekend led us to this wonderful establishment in the Financial District of Manhattan. It is just a few blocks away from the One World Trade Center building. We were a private dining party (b/c of the occasion) so we were sat upstairs against the windows. Our server was attentive and was well accommodating considering we were 10 girls who all want different things. We had a Pre-fixed Brunch Menu where we had a few dishes we shared at the table. For the actual main dish we were able to choose from a few options. I ordered The Egg Bowl. It had whole grains, vegetables, yogurt, and a poached egg on top. It really was heavenly and the best salad I had eaten in a long time. As shared dishes at the table we had: homemade scones with jams and butter, a gigantic fruit bowl, and a yogurt parfait which had lemon curd and homemade granola on top. I'm telling you everything we ate was made to order, fresh, and delicious. The food was amazing! The photo's really don't do it justice. I'll definitely come back to visit this place.
I rarely venture into Tribeca for weekend brunch but was so glad that a friend suggested it recently. It's busy, but they took a reservation for our party of four, and we got a cute table. The servers were frazzled but still so nice and friendly and funny. The highlights for me were the drinks. I got this boozy chai concoction which was magical. Shared a bunch of dishes and the standout was one I never expected: the quinoa crisp. It sounds too healthy to be tasty, but it's actually a hearty, flavorful quinoa hash brown basically. All in all very happy with the meal and the experience!
Cute little rustic place with some good food. There was like 5 people helping us so I have no idea who our server was but they were all very friendly. Good thing it wasn't too packed for Sunday brunch because the tables are quite close to each other. The food was a bit on the expensive side and their menu is very weak with descriptions. I didn't know that they were giving me a side for the main. And then I ordered another side and it was way too much of the exact same food... that I did not really like. I usually only drink fresh squeezed OJ however I couldn't tell if it was or not. Loaded Egg Sandwich ($15)- 4/5 This was yummy. The bread was a little hard to cut and was messy when I tried to just pick it up and eat it. I was a fan of all the ingredients in this! However this comes with a side was tater tots, which I did not know and did not like. Dulce De Leche Waffles ($15)- 4/5 This was quite loaded with fruits- berries and banana. Overall it was sweet because of the caramel and flambeed bananas. Probably a little too sweet for my liking especially in the morning (I'm more of a salty kinda person). Tater Tots ($8)- 2/5 I was so excited about seeing tater tots on the menu but it made me so sad that it was the exact same thing as the side I got on my main which I was unaware that I was even getting. These were way too mushy and not your typical tater tots. They're filled with cheddar & chives which sounds exciting but I prefer the real stuff.Orange Juice ($5)- For $5 I'm going to just assume it's fresh squeezed but I'm not too sure although but they did have a slice of orange to top it off. There's no ice but still pretty chill so I liked that. But it was so sweet and sour.
Unfortunately I had the worst experience of my life: a fly in the Bloody Mary...Slow service and dirty bathroom.Since then I have started to go to restaurants less and less.Amen
Really enjoyed this place!! Super super cute cozy house feel with distressed decor. Made a reservation for 6 on OpenTable and was able to change to 7 people by calling. I was told 8 people and over have to email for a "large group reservation". We came for Saturday brunch at 12:30pm. Our table wasn't ready when we got there so we ended up waiting about 15 min at the bar upstairs. We were able to order coffees while waiting. We were also able to get seated without our entire party arriving as a couple joined much later just for a drink. Our waiter was friendly and quick. The menu is great and has lots of yummy options that have plenty of healthy spins. I got one of the less healthy options- the breakfast sandwich with eggs, avocado, pesto, and tomato. So yummy!! Large portion ($16) and comes with crispy cubed tater tots. My friends ordered the quinoa crisp and the superfood pancake which were also tasty. They ran out of soy milk, and later they also ran out of skim milk. Only had whole milk, which would be my major critique. It was 12:30- too soon to run out of basic milk options to go with our coffee! Additionally, they serve stump town cold brew which is super tasty but $6 each. No free refills so I ended up spending $12 on two glasses of iced coffee...Overall very cute, yummy, decently priced (besides the coffee), and good service. They also did not rush us even when we were done with our meals and just chatting. Will come back!
Had a wonderful dinner with friends here for the 4th of July. Our waiter was incredibly accommodating of the many requests we had and wanted to make our experience care-free and enjoyable on this holiday. The 4th of July special made the perfect meal, consisting of light and refreshing watermelon salad, succulent baby back ribs that fell off the bone, and an espresso salted chocolate cookie to finish it off. Then on top of that, we ordered Kale salads, roasted broccoli, and salmon to name a few. All of which the kitchen prepared to our liking, and the cadence to which the food was brought out nicely followed the flow of our dinner. They even delivered complimentary desserts to celebrate the holiday such as a homemade kit kat, baked Alaska, and a strawberry shortcake--they vanished within seconds! Also none of the food felt particularly heavy, which always indicates fresh cooking and quality ingredients. The vintage yet repurposed ambiance made for a unique escape from the modern downtown. And although the upstairs was closed, we got a sneak peak and the warm, rich bar. I would definitely recommend this restaurant to all, whether on a real date, a friend date, or a family date, Tiny and the Bar Upstairs is a great choice!
I went to Tiny's because it was walking distance from my hotel. It is kind of a small space, where you can walk upstairs to get to the bar.The bar is kind of tiny and when I got there is was packed with people. Because of that, service was kind of slow. There was just one bartender working and although he was fast and proficient, it could take awhile to get a drink (particularly because they have a great mixed drink menu).I started with the Dark and Stormy which has rum and ginger beer. It was really good. For food I ordered the meatballs and brussel sprouts. The meatballs were really good. They came with a side of toasted bread which was a nice complement. The melted mozzarella cheese on top really helped make the dish. The brussel sprouts were also really good, with a generous amount of bacon.I finished with a ten year old port that was good. Overall, Tiny's is a nice, small place with tasty food.
This was a great little breakfast spot that the boy and I stumbled on while we were looking for breakfast one morning.There aren't a ton of tables and there was only one other table there when we were, so because it's so tiny it felt like the staff was watching us the whole time, but I think that's more a reflection of the layout of the bar!They've got great options for breakfast and a good mix of sweet and savory options. I went with the avocado toast with a side of chicken sausage while the boy opted for their egg bowl and also got a side of their tator tots. Both were awesome but the stand out of the meal was definitely the tator tots- not sure how they manage to get so much goodness and crispiness into these guys but they are a must have.I was also majorly crushing on the breakfast sandwich the table next to us had so would also recommend that if you go!
After a long search looking for a place for 35 person post wedding dinner, I finally stumbled upon Trinity Place. After sifting through so many private rooms in NYC it felt like a miracle to find one that didn't have an traditional event factory vibe or dance floor & had a very reasonable minimum. We were looking for a great place to have a dinner party, not a traditional "reception" and this fit the bill. Trinity Place is located inside the historic landmark Trinity Building with is cool in itself. The giant light up bank vault doors are very steampunk and make the place fun. Aside from the great food pricing per head for events, they also have a super reasonable open bar package. Other plusses were that unlike many other spots, they don't make you do family style dinner if you have over 30 people. Trinity closes on the weekend for events so the entire space is yours-and it is a huge space with two separate rooms. (perfect for the cocktail hour then seated dinner separation). If you are having a small party like we were, you'd have tons of space for people to mingle. The event coordinator Amy was also really helpful and responsive to all emails. The other thing I loved, was that they had the option to have hard wood tables instead of white linens, which to me feel way too "eventy". Onto food and drinks- when we visited, I had the Champagne Charlie (champagne, raspberry vodka and puree) which was lovely. We started with house cured Salmon (Citrus and Olive Oil Cured Salmon, & Fennel Salad). This was as yummy as it was beautiful to look at. Our entrees were the chicken under a brick with roasted fingerling potatoes, & braised escarole pan jus and the house cured duck confit. The chicken was such a savory dish that it was hard not to finish every bite. It was juicy and perfectly cooked and the fingerling potatoes were perfection. The duck was also very good (not quite as good as the chicken though). The real winner in the duck dish was the risotto which was heavenly. Our service was a tad on the slow side and the waitress was a bit clueless on some basic menu questions, so that was the only downfall. Overall the food was very well done, but the menu isn't super creative or unique. I wish I could have reviewed our event, but we ended up canceling the whole wedding and party. From my experience leading up to that, I can tell you this place is a hidden gem and worth checking out. If not for an event, than just for a dinner or happy hour in a unique historic setting.
We came here because it was convenient to the World Trade Center site. This place is historically very cool. It was constructed as a bank vault with 2 each 35 ton (75,000 pounds each!) doors at either end, and 5ft thick walls all around. The doors were made upstate and floated down the Hudson River on a barge. Then the contractor laid railroad tracks to get them to the site, and they built the building around the vault! Old Money barons used the vault for meetings. As far as the food goes, everyone enjoyed what they ordered. I had the seared ahi tuna on noodles served cold. Other members of our party had the lobster bisque; and also the Kobe beef hamburger. I found the prices reasonable for lower manhattan. I might return, but if another option presented itself I would likely try it instead.
I was pretty underwhelmed at my experience here on my visit. I had heard some good things from friends about this place, which looks like you're walking into a vault upon entering. We came here after spending most of the day sightseeing in the financial district and were looking forward to a late lunch. Only the bar area was being seated and it was first come first serve. We weren't told this by anyone but just figured it out after not being approached or greeted by any of the staff as they walked past us. Once we sat at a free bar table we found toward the back, one of a handful of servers finally approached us after about 10 minutes. He took drink orders and they appeared to have a very creative cocktail menu.Their food menu was limited to the bar menu only as they only seem to serve a full menu during dinner hours. Not sure about that but we were pretty much told the bar menu was all we could order from without any explanation. Ended up getting the Tandoori Skewers and Pigs in Blankets since we figured we could just have a small snack to tie us over until we found something else. The apps were pretty good but it would have been nice to order something of a bit more substance.
Came here with a friend for lunch. Hard to give a full review since we got the same meal of soup and the Kobe burger, so not much variety. That said, cool atmosphere, decent service and an excellent excellent burger. One of the best I've had. Soup was ok, not great. I'll come back for that burger though.
I can't rate this place higher than 3 stars. Even three is pushing it for me. Their vegetarian choices are limited with no veggie burgers on the menu, so I choose the salmon dish. The salon cost me 24.00 or so for lunch. My mother and my best friend bought ate burgers, but one was very dry. They gave my mother's medium rare burger to my best friend, so my mother hated it. The waitress also suggested items for the burgers, such as avocado and mushrooms, without saying that they would cost additional money. She made it sound like they came with the burgers. She charged $3.00 more for avocado and $1.00 more for mushrooms. Her lack of transparency was poor taste, and for that she received a lower tip. I would have been happier to spend my money on the street and settle for a falafel sandwich from a truck. The restaurant's decor is cool, but the place doesn't make up for the mediocre food. Not for me.
I think anyone coming here needs to keep in mind that you might be paying for the experience. You walk into the place and it used to be a giant bank vault so it's a unique sight. The atmosphere is more upscale than what they're serving, which is not necessarily a bad thing. I tried the spaghetti carbonara and it was great, but I wish they offered more on the menu. We were also told by the server that happy hour ended at 6 (we thought it was 7) and she also mentioned pretty straightfowardly that the happy hour specials were not great anyway.
Trinity place is a beautiful restaurant. Its located right next to the famous Zucotti Park of Occupy Wall St lore. Its great for business lunches or dinners. Its built inside of a reclaimed bank so ots probably great for talking money and closing deals. They still have 2 HUGE vault doors and other cool remnants. I was there for a business meeting so I ate light and just ordered the soup. It was butternut squash bisque. My favorite. Too bad it was severely underseasoned. It tasted like water. Ive had bad bisque but never one so bland. Everyone else enjoyed what they had (salads) so Im not saying the food is terrible overall but that soup was a big disappointment.
Mimosa- yes, please.Bacon, egg and cheese with avocado on sourdough- yum.Fantastic waiter with proper winking skills- awesome. With simply a wink, he knew I needed another mimosa. Yes, I said needed.Egg white omelet not drenched in butter but bursting with fresh veggies and so fluffy!Looking forward to trying out all the locations.
Nova Benny. Say no more. Met a person for breakfast and the place was packed. Good sign. Liked that the menu was simple, limited options but that puts the pressure on making sure any choice is excellent. The service was equally excellent. Despite being busy, they took the time to ask and make sure you are pleased.Well, nova benny looked great. Eggs Benedict with pic and potato pancake. How could you say no. I said yes and it was awesome.Definitely a repeat
The first restaurant we tried in NY. What an amazing place for brunch! We ordered the eggs Benedict and a fried egg avocado tortilla dish. They were both so packed with flavour ! Definitely one of the best brunch places out there
I've always had a solid meal here in the calm environment despite there being such a huge wait for this place sometimes.I enjoyed their lunch options more than brunch but I still ate my whole mushroom toast which was fresh and really featured the mushrooms. The buttermilk fried chicken is really good in sandwich and waffle form. That habanero honey tho.Come at an odd time and you won't have a long wait but prime time seems to be after 11:30 on the weekend with large crowds waiting outside to be seated when we left.
Got there at 11am. They put me by the window which I would not sit again because its basically if they put you infront of a closet with no legroom. I was basically stretching out my hamstrings just sitting. They also have a single bathroom that is unisex so time your bathroom usage based on the line and who in the group needs to use the bathroom.My server seemed to not be having the greatest day because she treated me cold. At the end, she handed me my bill and just moved on, no goodbye or thanks for coming haha. I got my food quick, did not wait over 10 minutes. Got the chicken chilaquiles which I loved. The flavors were bold, bountiful and in every bite. The cold avocado and fresh veggies on the top countered the hot eggs and chicken. The green sauce had some acidity to them but man, it was great.Will go back and am excited to try something different.
I'd definitely come here again but it's a little more on the overhyped/overpriced side for me.Came here with a party of 6 at around 11am. This isn't a good place for groups because the seating arrangements are limited to four throughout the restaurant. We were told it would be a 30-45 minute wait and they were accurate in that we waited just shy of 50 minutes. The place is loud and they seat you in both the friedman's side and the Brown's bagels side.Food: Ordered the Nova Benny ($18). Egg was almost perfectly poached, a little tougher than what I would expect from a poached egg, but at least the yolk was still raw. They give an ample amount of smoked salmon, and the Potato Pancake that it was placed on top of was good, however it could have been a little crispier on the outside. The side salad was great. Fresh and tart dressing to accompany the greens.The chicken bacon swisswich that my boyfriend had was pretty damn enjoyable. I like that they flip the bread and grill the inside. The fries were good and crispy as well. I also had a bite of my friend's cheddar waffle and that ish was soft and cheesy. Not entirely sure why it's so much pricier than the other dishes but it can definitely be split. Ended up paying $23 for my meal including tax and tip which is standard Manhattan brunch price.Service: Okay. I couldn't tell if the waiter was being condescending at times when he came over, but the interaction was a bit awkward and I just kind of tucked myself away in the corner.Like I said, I'd come back, but with a smaller group and around 9am or something to avoid the wait.
Get their brunch bestsellers/most popular dishes! Beware long wait during its prime brunch hrs!I had the chance to try 2 of their most well-known for dishes: fried chicken & waffles and pastrami hash. Both earns 2 thumbs up. The waffles were served with delicious habanero honey. The fried chicken was crunchy outside and tender inside. The pastrami hash had 2 sunny side up eggs and slices of toast served with creatively delightful blueberry butter. The hash and pastrami cubes were best serve when you condiment it with some salt & pepper.Ambience: clean, classic modern look. Staff: fast, efficient, friendly.
Cute little place on 31st between 6th & 7th with great servers, cozy atmosphere, and good food with gluten-free option. My Cappuccino was outstanding!
So I like ordering the skirt steak (delish!) from here after a long day of work. I quickly ordered on seamless for a pick up. Got here and realized I ordered from the wrong location (15 mins from me). Feeling flustered, they said don't worry they'll put in an order for me on the spot and cancel the other order. Now this is customer service at it's finest! Kudos to the manager!
I'm in love with this place. This place had the best pastrami sandwich that I have every tasted. The meat was tender and thick. It had the best flavor. It was juicy and not overly salty. I got the steak and eggs. The steak was cooked to perfection and had a sweet and savory flavor.This was interesting and tasted very good. We also shared the pastrami hash which was so good! I came with toast and a side of blueberry butter and blueberry jam. I feel like everything they made was made with care and extra attention. I am so happy we decided to come here for brunch!
I love Friedman's. They can make everything gluten free. There is nothing super fancy about any of their dishes but the flavors are spot on. To start I had the spinach and artichoke dip. Watch out it's a little spicy. For my entree, I ordered the vegetable quinoa bowl with salmon. It was very large and delicious. The group I went with also ordered the fried chicken and fish tacos. Everyone was extremely satisfied by their meals.Our waiter was friendly and the restaurant wasn't too loud. We actually sat in the bagel place connected to friedmans, but it was still a nice dinner experience.
Watermelon lemonade - refreshing. Tasted like there were cucumber in there too? OJ - YES!!!! Freshly squeezed and delicious. Order it! Tomato soup - REALLY good! Special of the day. Homemade goodness. SO worth getting again. Split pea soup - also REALLY good! A cup is enough though. Homemade potato chips - be ready for a chewy consistency but good flavor. Veggie sandwich - HUGE! Tasty. Almost too big? Can barely get your mouth around it all and with hummus on both ends, your face will be a mess. But I'd say it's worth it. Cappuccino - it's OK. Ask for sugar. Tuna melt - good but given the strong onion certainly not a date food. The pieces are too small to pick out and while it adds to the overall 'experience' you'll be paying for it later. Staff was friendly and attentive. Our waitress came over from yesterday and remembered us. That alone deserves a star! Beatles albums were playing in the background which was fun. Owner was nice as well. Overall experience was better on the second day!
My co-worker and I came here on a Thursday morning to meet a client for breakfast. Unfortunately, Friedman's does not take reservation so we were gambling that the wait was not long at all. Luckily once we arrived we only had to wait about 15 minutes until we were seated. The place was jam packed even for a Thursday morning. I recommend coming here with the expectation of waiting a bit.Friedman's offers your typical breakfast fares from yogurt, oatmeal, fruit, eggs, sandwiches, etc. Since I was still recovering from a fever I opted for something light. I got the egg white omelette with market veggies and a side of chicken sausage. The egg white omelette was super delicious and the ingredients tasted very fresh. What I loved the most was the side of chicken sausage. It had a hint of maple which made it extra tasty.The service at Friedman's was also top notch. From the moment we walked in we were greeted with a friendly smile and helped right away. Our waiter during the course of our meal checked in on us frequently and was very efficient with taking our order.Overall, I enjoyed my experience at Friedman's very much. You can definitely catch me here again some time soon. I just wished they would take reservations for breakfast!
I was really disappointed with Friedman's. 'm the foodie in our group and I was asked to pick a spot. I'd never been here before but I really wanted a good reuben and being in New York, with this places reviews I expected it.When we arrived they were switching from breakfast to lunch so we had a short wait. Not the end of the world at all. The place was jam packed and had a nice atmosphere and pretty decent service. I ordered the reuben and some Brussel sprouts. My co-workers ordered burgers. I'm glad they did because my reuben was terrible. The meat was so stringy you could bite through it. To the point I had to deconstruct the sandwich and eat it with my knife and fork. The only saving grace was the brussel sprouts. Everyone had some of them and they went down really well! So much choice in this neighborhood I'm not likely to revisit.
Very nice atmosphere, decoration and very good service. Food was delivered fast and hot Friendly staff and decent priced I ordered avocado toast with eggs and my friend steak and eggs and both were delicious Definitely coming back very soon
Came here on a Saturday with some friends for brunch. The line was extremely long, which we were prepared for, however they told us the wait was an hour and we were not seated till over an hour and a half later. We kept asking the hostess about when our table would be ready and she was very rude in her responses, at times just waving us off and walking away. It was frustrating and not the best way to start brunch. The food did make up for the long wait a little bit but I've had better food at other brunch places in the area. I would definitely like to come back and give this place another shot though because I've heard great things about it.
Definitely expect a wait during brunch time. It helps if you check the wait time on yelp and go ahead and put your name down on the waiting list when you're heading out. We waited about 30 minutes for a table of 2. I ordered the chicken and waffles. The waitress told me that this is their most popular menu item. I absolutely loved the cheddar waffle. It was nice and thick with a perfect hint of cheddar. I've definitely had better fried chicken though. The seasoning was just okay, and the chicken was a bit over fried and dry. Next time, I would probably just order the waffle as a side and skip the chicken. Service is very friendly. The restaurant definitely gets packed.
I was so excited to try Friedman's because the previous night, we didn't have the best dinner, and I thought I would be redeemed with breakfast after reading all the great reviews for Friedman's. I was wrong. I got the chicken and waffles with hot cocoa (thank you generous dollop of whipped cream), and my Mum got a single fried egg with the sweet potato fries. The egg was fine, and the sweet potato fries were fine - but they're not worthy of more than 2 stars in my opinion. The chicken was bland, not succulent, and generally pretty generic. The cheddar waffle was well made, and it looked cheddary, but it doesn't even warrant a happy face emoji. The honey habanero was delicious, but not spicy (disclaimer: I'm Indian, not much that American restaurants label as "spicy" is actually genuinely spicy to me). Also the coffee - just no. No. No. No. No. No. Way too strong and bitter. My opinion may be skewed because I had AMAZING chicken and waffles in DC and nothing seems to compare. Ah New York, you've let me down for 2/3 meals on this trip. Shame on me!
Seated at a window sill. It was somewhat awkward because there was no place to put your legs under, so we hunched over our food. Service was prompt and fast. It is not a great place to sit when you're trying to have a nice brunch with your hot date. Didn't have any problems with getting refills and the check at the end. We waited for about 35 minutes, which seemed typical of the hour we went. Food was good. I wasn't blown away, and felt it was somewhat pricey. My review is not based on price because after all it is the city!
Really good the second time.-Branzini was really tasty...pretty juicy, great vegetable pairings, I'm a fan.-they make a good old fashioned - they have some giant fried pancake desert whose name escapes me but it's divine. It's like a big bread pudding. the first time I went here it was kind of empty which was weird, but it was very active today. Actually potentially a bit too loud, but you can't have it all. High ceilings.
I've been here twice. Once for dinner:Decor: 4.5 ( great character)Food: 1 (this is an extremely rare rating for me...would have been 1 star for a $10 joint, but absolutely egregious for $30 plates)Service: 2.5Once for brunch:Decor: 4 (less favorable in full light, is a bit crowded)Food: 3 (including a cocktail)Service: 3In sum, it's expensive food cooked by an amateur chef/s (apologies, this is my unfortunate conclusion) served in a nice setting with inadequate service / hospitality.
Came here with a group of friends for a birthday and we had the private room, which was spacious and secluded. Service was really great. We had a prefix menu with wine and they always checked to make sure we had our glasses full. The price was also very reasonable. Unfortunately I just didn't love the food, maybe it was just what I selected.I chose the Fig toast as my appetizer. The bread had a very nice charred flavor, and the goat cheese was okay. The honey flavor added nice sweetness, but I wish the fig wasn't in whole chunks. Overall it wasn't special.I chose the short rib for my main course and thought it was tender but way too salty, and I can't remember the last time I've said something is too salty.Overall we had a good time and had great service but probably will just come back to the bar next time, which looked fun.
We came to Hardings while awaiting our reservation at Sugarfish. It was a Tuesday night so it was very mellow inside. I was first taken with how gorgeous the bar was from lighting to the seating. Since we were just doing drinks we sat at the cushy chairs and tables near the windows. The table service here was efficient and quick. My only star off is because the wine pour was extremely small for the prices we paid-as was the whiskey on the rocks. Overall though it was a nice spot just on atmosphere alone.
I came to Harding's for a work dinner with a large group.  I didn't know what to expect and didn't have any expectations.  I was blown away. The ambiance with beautiful. The lighting was dim, the decor was beautifully classic and almost masculine. It's the kind of place that you drink a Manhattan...in Manhattan. Our table shared several of the starters from the meatballs (that were on point) to tuna tartare to several flatbreads. Everything was delicious. I drank Cabernet for the evening and it paired well from the starters to dessert. I ordered the Steak Frites: 12oz dry-aged strip steak, hand cut french fries, garlic butter. Rather than the french fries, I paired my steak with mashed potatoes. My steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly. It was tender and full of flavor. My potatoes were also tasty. Somehow I managed to have room for dessert and ordered the Apple Crisp served with vanilla ice cream, candied pecans, bourbon caramel. Simply heavenly!Service was impeccable.
Standard bar.They have a full bar and lots of seating if you want to grab food. This is a good/convenient place to meet with friends after work.
Love this place! Went crazy and shared the following with my friend:+fig toast+beet and butternut squash salad+short ribs+grilled salmon+sweet potato fries+apple crisp We also had drinks - I had the Harding's Smash with vodka - and a cappuccino. The toast, short ribs and fries were standouts for me. I'd never had sweet potato fries in wedges like that and I'm now obsessed. The ribs were just perfection; drinks were excellent. I feel like this is a weird area for food, so it's nice to know Harding's is there. Definitely will return!Edit 7/2017: Dirty 6 drink is awesome (and strong) as are the regular fries and Arthur avenue flatbread. The portions are huge!
This place was such a pleasant discovery. I was absolutely sold on the: decor, the size of the space, the no wait time, service, food (quality and portion) and price but those margaritas were sure to warrant a refund and the loss of a star.Upon entering through the door, you are instantly enthralled by space's artful synthesis of intimacy, and openness. The dark walls and floor and the dimly lit vintage chandelier were perfectly complimented by large beams and high ceiling. The decor was a sublime amalgam of elegance and rustic. The art work that hung sporadically around the room were great conversation starters, so no need to worry about not having much to say on that first date ;). One can easily get taken up by the discrete grandeur of this space.The servers were pleasant and the service was unbelievably fast and efficient.The food was simple and cooked to perfection. Nothing too elaborate, which in some cases can be more of a trick than a treat; I enjoyed every bite. I had the tuna tartare, salmon with barley and my bf had the pork chop with spinach and sweet potatoes. The tuna tartare was fresh and light, complimented with sweet crunchy cucumbers; it was an absolute delight. I can't remember the last time I cleared a plate at a restaurant but I did it shamelessly here. My salmon was really good and my bf's pork chops were nothing short of orgasmic. Oh, and the portions were very hearty. Unfortunately there was one thing that wasn't so good, in fact it was pretty bad; actually, it was pretty terrible, horribly, no-good, very bad, worst margarita I have every tasted. I was really stunned by how wrong they got that margarita. I don't think that bartender had ever made a margarita before but even that should't warrant a drink so poorly made; No kidding, that's how bad it was. Needless to say it was returned upon taking a second sip and realizing my buds weren't playing tricks on me but it was in fact the drink :/.This place is awesome just approach those margaritas with caution.
I was there for a friends birthday. We had a nice large private room in the back and ordered from a pre fixe menu. The entrees were entirely meat options which I couldn't eat. I informed the waitress who promptly and very politely accommodated my restriction despite the pre fixed menu. I started with the fig toast. Solid but nothing special. I had the salmon was good but on the salty side.Overall I would say this is a good spot for a big group dinner where you can get pretty saucy while consuming just decent food with attentive service. In other words, your next birthday party.
Great New-American fare in a space that gives off an older tavern feel - but yet still contemporary enough to want to sit down for a nice meal in. Food was very good - highly recommend the fig toast, salmon, and the burger. Service is excellent - staff friendly and attentive. At time of posting this says $$ - accurate, but be mindful that you can easily surpass $100 for two if you have some wine and an appetizer or two in addition to an entree. Only downside, the bar area was packed with a work event and happy hour folks - made it quite loud for the rest of the space, including the dining area.
I came in here with a bigass group on business. People were ordering random food and drink all over the place and the servers were able to still provide incredible service!I got the short rib (a dish that seems to be the "in thing" in NYC?) and it was very tasty.Also had the tuna tartar which was a great take on poke.Not many (or any? can't remember) beers on tap, but a decent selection of craft brews in the bottle.
This place is perfect in a grown-up, adulting, I still like to have a good time kind of way. Its very unassuming and when you walk by you wouldnt realize how nice it is inside. Also, how much fun can be had if you stop in for a drink.They have plenty of good cocktail options that are delicious and well-priced. They have every bourbon a recreational drinker could enjoy and the staff are top-tier. This place just works. I will most def be back for a date, bro-night, chill night or hang session. It has everything you would need for any of these. Great spot.
The most awful thing about this place is their vile anti-Americanism! Their hatred for the flag is well known as MULTIPLE people have complained about their shockingly disrespectful display of the flag. It's entirely inappropriate and goes directly against the U.S. standards of displaying the American flag. When brought their attention the manger said about the gross disrespect for the flag, "So what, it looks cool that way."  Simply repugnant!
I've been to Harding's for drinks 3x, most recently last night with my team. While the food and drinks (yes to the Kentucky mule if you haven't tried yet) are on point, the service can be overbearing and confusing with multiple servers leaving us feeling rushed and often taking dishes / glasses without being asked. For $15+ a cocktail, please don't grab it because once it's touched I don't want it back. Great decor and ambience. -2 stars for pushy and hovering servers.
I came here with a pretty large group for dinner and it was quite a treat. The whole process, from making the reservation to the night we were served, was quite easy and enjoyable. For food our table shared a lot of starters - meatballs, tuna tartare, charcuterie, cheese boards, and each of the flatbreads. I'm, of course, always a big fan of cheese boards and this one was quite large and the cheeses on it were all lovely. And the rest of the starters were equally as good. In fact, I think all of the starters would be considered a pretty generous size and easy for sharing.Speaking of sharing, I buddied up for my main meal and shared steak frites and a risotto dish with a fellow diner. The steak frites was totally fine, but the risotto was where it was at. Creamy, rich, and delicious I would have easily eaten the entire serving alone and been happy about it.Service for a good of almost 20 was on point and no one was stuck waiting for food at any point. I'd definitely recommend Harding's for dinner whether you are in a big group or not.
Harding's was full of surprises. What do I mean? Well, all the NYC venues trick me when it comes to their actual size. Again, I thought I would be walking into a building with limited space, but it was the opposite. Harding's had a nice wide open layout. The space was filled with booths, tables for two & four. The exposed brick and chandeliers were cool too. There was even an upstairs space. I believe it was also for dining. It was a bit dim, but the lighting went along with the restaurant's theme. I had Oysters and Lobster Mac & Cheese. Both were good. I also tried a few other items shared by the table. Good too. Our server was nice and handle serving a group like a pro. Again, I didn't save room for dessert. I actually didn't even get to look at the dessert menu, but I bet the selections are as good as the main entrees. I'd visit again.
Loved the food here! Came here for dinner with the family on a Friday early evening (5:45pm) and was seated immediately. FYI- Mostly family with little kids eating at this time so come early if you don't want to wait.We had the calamari salad to start and chicken with waffles, crab cake for entree.The calamari salad is fried calamari mixed into mesclun greens with feta, olives and banana peppers. This was so delicious! They give a lot of calamari so definitely share this or get it as a main.Chicken and waffles- deliciously season chicken (not dry) over crisp fluffy waffles. Just remember to take a pic (for IG) as soon as this dish comes out and take the hot chicken off the waffle! If not, the heat will cause the chicken to be less crispy and the waffles to start getting soft. Crab cake - yes singular! You get 1 cake on top of asparagus spears, side salad and corn with bean salsa. This was good with real crab meat and not a lot of fillers but not sure if it's worth $25. The one thing that bothered us was the service. They only bought 2 small glasses of water for me and my husband and didn't bring anything for my 4.5 year old daughter. Plus they never came by to refill our water unless the half bottle of stale water on our table was it. Honestly couldn't figure out if that was for decor? For the vase of flowers? Or for us to drink?
So this review is based on the food. I ordered the salmon and pepper bacon with Mac and cheese. Salmon-cooked well veggies that accompanied it were goodPepper bacon-doesn't actually taste like it has pepper, just has black flakes on it. Decent serving size though.Mac and cheese- presentation is awesome, but lacking in the flavor dept. If you are a mac and cheese connoisseur then you won't be amazed.  My friend had the salmon blt which she loved and also seems to be a popular item.
Gloriously amazing dishes for brunch! We came by here for brunch at about 3pm (still serving). We got sat down quickly and was treated nicely. I ordered the pull pork benedict which I have been craving for a while. My first time here btw. The pull pork benedict was delicious in every way. The pork wasn't overly salty as the way i like it ans it was soft ans chewy. My husband ordered the burger which was extremely juicy and flavorable. Nice fries and their sauce compliment well with the food. Definitly coming back for more to try and highly recommended. Atmosphere was relaxing, chilling, and comfortable.
They have all the best foods here under one roof! Burgers, fried chicken, chicken wings, fries and fried calamari. Perhaps adding a pizza would make it the ultimate place to eat daily. I ordered the brisket burger, it was a tad salty but super delicious and satisfying. The fries were among the best fries I have ever had. That ugly sauce is good stuff. My girlfriend ordered the fried chicken and waffles, the chicken breast was as freaking moist as a soaked bounty wipe. All that in the best way! The waffle was my favorite waffle out of all the fried chicken and waffles I have sampled. I couldn't forgot about the fried calamari, olives, arugula, fried calamari and vinegary goodness. Most unique take on fried calamari and it definitely works. The fried chicken wings were exactly what you expect from a buffalo wing. Overall everything here was absolutely delightful, maybe a little too salty at some bites but I would definitely come back again. Also great service with smiling faces, cant forget that!
Uglyduckling is not so ugly! The food here is all presentable and pretty and the servers are all very attentive.For appetizers:We had the fried calamari and the chicken wings. The fried calamari was different from other places that serve fried calamari. It was mixed with salad and olives and some dressing that the calamari did not need sauce to be dipped with! The salad and the calamari meshed well together and I could not stop eating it. The servings were HUGE. It was more of an entree itself!The chicken wings- there are 3 flavors you can choose from. I think each order comes with about 8-10 wings. I'm not too sure of the amount. The options include Thai chili, dry cajun, and buffalo. We had the dry cajun and the buffalo and it was very good. They were a bit spicy but if you can handle the spice, def try! I personally liked the dry cajun and thought that the buffalo was good but didn't really stand out.For the entree:I had their famous chicken and waffles. They serve a huge serving of chicken. It had maybe 3 BIG pieces of chicken and delicious waffle. The waffle and the syrup wasn't overly sweet, nor dry. The chicken was juicy and not dry either. I secretly enjoyed their chicken and waffles better than pies n thighs :x Overall, this place is a really great place to come if you're around the area! Chicken and waffles is popular here so you can't go wrong!
This is one of my favorite place to go to for brunch. There's no ridiculous long waiting game before you get to sit down and order away to your heart's desire.Two of the dishes that stood out on my visits here were the fried chicken & waffles (you must get) and the smoked ugly. Both are the highlights from their brunch menu to be honest, and I'm trying so hard not to be bias about letting you know that of the two, fried chicken and waffles are the better choice. I only mentioned that because I love fried chicken but like I said, not trying to be bias, so those are the top two dishes to get when you're here!Service is friendly, they have several TV's for game watching and a nice bar area to watch the TVs.
Return? Probably not, food was pretty bad. I would have given it a 2 if not for the service was very nice Atmosphere (3+) - More of a restaurant crowd than a bar crowd. High ceiling, nice bar. Has a lot of tvs but doesn't have a sports bar vibeFood (2-) - chicken & waffles (2- - included 2.5 pieces of chicken of which only 1 was edible), salmon (3), aegean salad (3 - salad was pretty good but the dressing was to lemony)Drinks: $7 beer, $10 vodkaService (4+) Helpful, friendly, and attentive Cost = Total tab w/ 2 drink before tax/tip $81
The chicken n waffles are awesome!!!!! I split it with a few people but would definitely order it as a main dish next time. I had the salmon blt sans bacon and really enjoyed it. I'll be back!
Love this place. Their happy hour special sangria is sweet and refreshing for only $5. Can't get better than that! Food: mac and cheese - creamy, cheese and gooey. Shoe string fries are too die for, a combination of potatoes and sweet potatoes cut finely and fry to perfection, can't get enough of them.... sooo goood!You can skip the nachos. They were meh, bland and nothing out of the ordinary. I can't wait to go back and try their chicken wings, they surely good yummy!
The food was just okay in my opinion, but I do like the name of this place.Maybe it's supposed to be a hidden message, like "our food is ugly, but it's beautiful inside." Idk lol. Anyways we came here around 1p.m for Sunday brunch and got seated within 10 mins! Not bad considering it was Sunday lol. We ordered 2 of the deviled eggs, a waffle chicken sandwich, pulled pork Benedict, tacos, and a burger. The deviled eggs were very unsatisfying. I'm usually the one that picks up the 2nd deviled egg wanting more, but after one of these I wasn't craving for another one. The waffle chicken sandwich wasn't bad, the chicken was a little spicy but it gave that nice kick and they put pepper bacon inside. The fries were delicious though! But fries are always good lol. My bf was meh about his pulled pork Benedict. He said nothing special stood out to him about his food which is surprising since it looked like there was so much flavor in it. The waiter was nice though, and even if the food wasn't as good at least the service was!
My friends and I came over from Queens for chicken and waffle. Parking in the area is nearly impossible, at least on a Friday afternoon. We got there soon after it opened so there weren't many people there and plenty of seating. We ordered the chicken and waffles and the pulled pork sandwich. The chicken was so good! It was a pretty big piece of chicken and it was super juicy. I'd go back for just the fried chicken. The waffle itself was pretty good. Nothing too special. I liked that the syrup wasn't too sweet. The pulled pork sandwich was also pretty good. In general I liked the food but the prices were on the higher end. I would definitely come back if I were in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way for it again.When I went there was a $5 happy hour going on. I believe it included sangria, beer and something else. The place itself is pretty cute. I definitely liked the atmosphere. There are also 2 bathrooms!
Came here with two of my girl friends tonight because one of them were craving fries and I remembered that they had decent shoestring fries.The atmosphere here is very chill. The music is loud and the tables are kind of close together, so my friends and I really had to project our voices. As for the food, the dinner menu seems a bit limited in my opinion because I took a while deciding what I wanted. I can definitely say that the deviled eggs hit the spot, but my personally customized order of grilled chicken was just mediocre, especially since it was a tad bit pricey. The chicken and waffles seem to be the highlight of this place, which I really enjoyed my first time around. My friends both ordered burgers and they were overall happy with the order.Overall, this place is worth trying! My waitress tonight was very accomodating and pleasant, which really improved the experience of dining here.
I picked this place because of the interior, it's a nice place to go during the day. I enjoy places that are bright and I can enjoy the view outside. I enjoyed the comfort food, light and not too heavy. My favorite was their drink, frozen mint lemonade. The staff was very nice, except for the waitress we had. Apparently she rolled her eyes at me because I took too long ( like 30 seconds) to replace my order after she notify me they were out, she can't expect me to come up with something quick when I was dead set on ordering what I wanted to order smh. Overall was a good experience and can't blame them for having one shitty waitress.
Reasonably priced, trendy restaurant in Chelsea with locally grown vegetable sides. My friends and I came here on an unusually warm fall Saturday evening. We got a table for four outside and had a great experience.They have a wide array of both vegan and meat options. I had the quinoa and avocado burger (on a vegan roll) with a side of mashed potato fries. The burger was amazing. The thing I hate about veggie burgers is that they disintegrate once you take a bite and you end up frantically trying to pick up the pieces on the plate. This felt and was able to be eaten like a real burger. The mashed potatoes were exceptional. I also tried my friend's grilled salmon, which was excellent.
Great spot to grab brunch! Lines are long but you can easily get a spot at the bar that's first come, first served. The ingredients are super fresh! Gotta love a place that is filled with veggies galore. I got the breakfast bowl that was a bounty of Brussels sprouts and onions as the base. Then sausage and poached eggs with the most unbelievable rye croutons topped the dish. Super yummy! I could eat this every weekend! Really great because you can come here post workout and it's casual and welcoming. I love places that are a big "to do" but their food still really matters. This is one of those places.
Mmmmm, I'm... disappointed...I think the food is mediocre. The dcor is alright, but I expected more of the food. The service is great but there's something about the environment that threw me off--not sure what it is. Perhaps the lighting? The lighting was pretty dim and it made me feel kind of sleepy. Furthermore, the food was just meh. I had their lox bagel and though the presentation wasn't too bad, it just taste.. meh. Not sure how to describe it but it's just not what I wanted in a lox bagel. Maybe I'm just picky but meh... Their iced coffee tasted like water (I'm sorry but it did) and that didn't make me happy considering how much I love coffee.Overall--Would I come back? I'm not sure anymore :( I just feel like I can go elsewhere for better. Or maybe I just didn't pick a good plate of food. Either way, I'm sad and disappointed :(
The waitstaff are super nice and accommodating at this location. Food came out fast and delicious. Waitress was always attentive as well. The market veggies really are what they're hyped up to be. I particularly liked three brussel sprouts. I got the Argentinan eggs benedict and it was a great flavor combination. It had fried hash browns, chorizo, perfectly funny eggs and a greasy hollandaise sauce. It came with a light side salad. Definitely recommend!
This place is great, but I've only ordered delivery so can't speak for a sit down experience. The delivery is always extremely fast, which makes the food still warm on arrival. I love all the healthy options they have, but also allow for substitutions if you want to indulge. My favorite so far has been the Kale salad with an add on of the steak. The steak was a huge portion and was cooked as I ordered.I'm excited to try this place in person!
Vegetarian friendly restaurant, awesome vegetables for those who are vegephobic. What a pleasant experience! Sunday brunch was lovely. Spacious and clean restaurant, friendly servers. Portions are on the bigger side. *Quinoa and artichoke burger: yummmm, i loved the healthy bread (not sure what type it was), definitely hearty and a lot of flavor. Not a typical vege burger that gets soggy. Recommend to those who want a heartier meal than just market sides.*Market plate: brussel sprouts, beets, mushroom, pesto mashed potatoes. Loved the beets the most, pesto mashed potatoes was the most flavorful. I loved the variety. Wasnt a big fan of the presentation though- kind of reminds me of cafeteria style layout with all the veges placed on one big oval plate. MehMy friend isnt a vege lover, but he really enjoyed his veges here. Recommend to those who want to introduce more vegetables into their diet.
My son and I went to Westville Chelsea because it is close to his house and because the reviews talk about the wide range of vegetables that they serve. First on a nice evening, they have both indoor and outdoor seating. We sat outside and enjoyed the fall temps. Service was fantastic. Our server was friendly and willing to steer me through the menu which I often appreciate. I was leaning towards a salad but the quinoa/artichoke burger sounded so good. Her solution? Quinoa burger patty on top of the fall kale salad! My son ordered fish and chips.Our food was delivered quickly and professionally. The flavors were fresh and awesome. They have a liquor license so I could have a glass of pinot noir with my meal. All in all, a great experience. The only downside and I have to remember that this is NY is that the tables are so flipping close together that I had to overhear some fairly intimate relationship details from the couple next to us but hey, food was great.
This place was booming on a weeknight. They don't take reservations, so plan ahead because you will have to wait outside (about 15 min when we came ~8.30 pm).Loved the food. Healthy, still tasty. I wished there were more places like this in Manhattan (thank God Westville has several locations).We tried (2 people):- Gazpacho soup ($7?): good, felt healthy and fresh- Kale Salad ($12): raw kale, marinated onions, blue cheese (asked to exclude), dried cranberries, pumpkin seeds, roasted walnuts & lemon olive oil (asked on the side) - really big and filling- Grilled Marinated Chicken Breast with 2 market sides ($17): thinly sliced chicken breasts. Had brussel sprouts w/ honey Dijon and sweet potatoes fries- Apple pie with vanilla ice cream ($8): amazing! The crust didn't feel that buttery, so I think it was still a healthy treat :)
Quaint little restaurant in Chelsea. It was a beautiful day so we sat outside and soaked in the sun. Very happy I ordered the Quinoa Bowl filled with butternut squash, spinach, and Brussel sprouts. Also ordered a side of lamb sausage and it was really good.I'm convinced it's harder to find a bad restaurant in NYC.
An excellent spot for a brunch place. Its a busy spot, so I would try to get here early. The service was great. Enjoyed the coffee and the food. I recommend the Grilled Vegetable Benedict if you're looking for a veggie option. I also loved the market vegetables platter that you can choose. Would definitely go here again.
The Quick: Something always goes wrong when I dine here. Besides that, tasty healthy food that is overpriced, but still fairly reasonable for the area. Very trendy, expect a wait. The Details: I keep coming back to Westville. I've been to all three locations on the west side multiple times, and really want to love this place. For some reason, every dining experience I've had with them has always had some issue. Whether there is an extremely rude waiter, my order gets messed up and brought 10 minutes after my friends, or getting overcharged, dining here has always been a hassle. Maybe I'm a jinx or maybe this is really a blessing in disguise for my paycheck - I live down the block and get addicted to healthy takeout spots. Whatever it is, Westville has a great ambience, and people love it, but for me it's just not a top pick.The Damage: Slightly more expensive and smaller portions than what you'd expect. For example, $23 for a veggie stirfry with chicken.
Facebook-ing on your job.
drinks were delicious, music was lively and for me (prob not for most people) bartenders were kind and really friendly. cocktails are 12 bucks and worth to try your favorite booze.
This place is pretty low-key, their cocktails are amazing. The vibe is smooth and classy, older folks would appreciate this spot. Especially in an area oversaturated with young, dive-bar hopping cant-hold-my-liquor college kids. Nothing against them, but the ambience here is definitely a change in pace for those looking for an easy kickback evening.Definitely visit this place, it's super chill and their performances in the back are worth seeing!
Came in late night on a Sunday, sadly the band had already stopped playing. They have live jazz usually from 9p.m to midnight. It has a really cute atmosphere , cozy and romantic! Drinks are ok,about 12$ for cocktails.
Passed by this bar with a friend and we couldn't help but go in. She and I decided to sit at the bar rather than fo beyond the curtain but we were still able to see and enjoy the music. The jazz singer and band were 100% spot on. Music was great and the drinks were fun. We had the Coltrane and the a train. Both were good. I'd definitely be back.Bouncer needs to chill. He was fine to us but was very pushy to another pair near us despite their obvious lack of interest. He was also abrupt with some people entering.
So we were charged $20 cover to watch the jazz band which was supposed to start at 8. They didn't start till 8:30ish and then were kicked off stage at 9:40 pm by the following act which was supposed to start at 10 pm. We thought we could stay given the $20 cover but then the following band asked us for an additional $10 cover to listen to them?! $20 for about an hour of jazz is overpriced. Also, the bathrooms have no circulation and reek!!! This place needs to regulate their acts and also, if you're going to charge that much cover, maintain the bathrooms!!
One of my go-to favorites in the West Village! Its literally only two blocks from the West 4th train station but easy to miss! You have to walk down a few steps to the entranceI've gone a couple of times to see Monica Oliviera and the Brazilians on Saturday nights (an amazing performance highly recommended). I LOVE her. There's a two drink minimum for the show plus a cover charge, but it's definitely worth it as a date night! The show is in the back, a separate location from the actual bar itself. The atmsophere is very dim and intimate, small enough to fit a couple dozen people. Everyone's friendly and cozy, this place is one of my ultimate favorites. The bouncer can be a bit overbearing but he's very effective I guess. I never had a negative experience here and recommend it to anyone interested in a lowkey easy going bar.
Four stars for the amazing show with Jacquelene Acevedo and her ten person band. Jacquelene and everyone in her band were spectacular and so talented; her father was phenomenal and had an amazing sense of humor. The drinks were not the greatest
Cute spot if you want to enjoy some live music (jazz mostly but other type also). It is a paid entrance except if you remain on the first side were there is a couch and the bar. The service is really slow, the waitress did not seem to talk very well in English, so she had big issues understanding how to split the bill in 3.... It seems that the vibe is usually good, the band is nice but I find it overpriced....
It's a nice bar to listen to live music and relax. They don't serve any food. Drinks are good
$20 cover for Brazilian jazz house band, but the experience is really more like cruise ship entertainment. The singer is very talented, the band doesn't really gel, and the drinks are ho-hum. Spend the extra $ on the higher caliber stuff at nearby locations.
What a great spot for cocktails and great jazz! It is a hidden gem below a Chinese restaurant on 3rd St. We got there around 9:30 and the early band has about 30 minutes left in their set. The music is in a performance room in the back while the front is the bar. Since the set was nearly over, we opted to sit in the bar. The music could be clearly heard in the bar and we saved the $15 per person cover. The mood was very relaxing. The two bartenders were great. Service was quick and friendly. The guy on the door was great too. The second set started at 10:30 pm with a Brazilian band with a great female vocalist. We were tired after a long day and didn't stay but we will definitely be back!
Bar server was great. Food was not good.. for us and the people next to us. Our french toast came completely burnt and the bread was tough and dry. I got the egg scramble with ham or something (I forget). It was a lot of liquid and taste was not spectacular. Then the host seemed offended that we didn't love the food. Don't know what to say about that...
Great place for brunch. Me and the gf came here without reservations and we were just hungry we weren't looking for like a cute date so we decided to just grab seats at the bar. Bartender was very polite and made sure we were taken care of as soon as we sat down even though it was packed(bloody Mary's are a thing)Jane's or classic eggs Benedict are great. We wanted some extra protein and veggies on the side so we ordered side chicken sausages and brussel sprouts.Chicken sausages were a little too salty for our tastes but cooked well. But the brussel sprouts are really good. Over all the experience was great, one star off mostly cause the of the above mentioned sausages and also the the pricing is a little on the pricy side for some of the items on the brunch menu.
I love brunch but unfortunately Jane was only so so for me.I made a reservation for a party of three for 1PM on a Saturday but we still had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated. It was loud and crowded especially on the first floor, and seating was pretty tight. Luckily, my friends and I were seated downstairs, which was a little more spacious but freezing cold. The service was friendly but slow and unorganized. After we ordered, different servers brought the wrong items to our table more than once. There was also a lot of shouting between waiters to figure out which table ordered what. I started my meal with a cappucino but it came luke warm and the ratio of froth to coffee was way off. The food we ordered was overall pretty average. I got the Jane Benedict, which had two poached eggs served with crab cake, sauted spinach, tarragon hollandaise and mixed greens. The fried crab cakes were chunky and flavorful which I really liked. However, the hollandaise sauce was pretty bland and the poached eggs were slightly rubbery. My friends ordered the Seafood Cobb Salad and Wild Mushroom Omelette and felt they were pretty average as well.Overall, Jane is not a bad place to go if you're looking for a classic American brunch, but I wouldn't come here for the best brunch in the city.
Came here for brunch on a Saturday. Started off with the meatballs and got the eggs Benedict for my main course. Food was pretty good and the line here is usually really long. The service was decent and I would probably be back againIf you are in the area and are trying to get brunch, I would recommend but make sure you come here early!
Came here on a Saturday morning and this place is pretty packed but we were seated right away. We ordered the avocado toast, popover, home fries and pastry basket. The brunch here is more pricey than usual. The interior is nice, it looks more like an upscale restaurant but the tables are too closed leaving no gap to walk through. My avocado was okay, I wish there were more avocado in it. The wheat bread so kind of stale and chewy. I think I can make something better. It was kinda lacking flavor in general. I do like the purple onions on it. But 2 pieces of avocado toast shouldn't cost $17. My bf got the omelette popover. It looked strange and was okay. He wasn't a big fan of it because there was too much cheese and it was too overwhelming for him. The only thing I thought was lit was the home fries. It was crispy and tender and delicious. The pastry basket consisted of corn bread, blueberry scones and a buttermilk biscuit. Those taste delicious and fresh even though I was never a fan of corn breads and biscuits. I don't think this is the place I'll come again. Too pricy and not worth it.
I loved that we were able to book a reservation on Open Table the morning of for a Sunday Brunch. It was super relaxing to be able to arrive and be seated immediately. The space is spacious and wasn't full when we arrived at 10:15 but started filling up again as we left around noon.We started with the deviled eggs which were perfect. Then I had the Vanilla French toast with creme brle filling and made with the BEST brioche bread. The fresh strawberries and bananas heightened the experience even more. It was so tasty! My boyfriend had the Jane Benedict that was made with crab cakes instead of English muffins and with tarragon hollandaise sauce. He loved it. You also get a "complimentary" boozy beverage with your meal. Not sure it's complimentary when the dishes cost about $20 but it does end up being a decent deal. My boyfriend liked the Barnstorm so much he got a second one. Service was also 5 stars. We had the absolute friendliest waiter! Overall we had a great time. I would probably come back; but would definitely keep trying all the other options. Jane is a solid choice though. My final impression though: $80 is a lot to drop on a brunch.
My friend recommended us this place so we made reservations for Sunday brunch before we left the city. I ordered the popover because it seemed like one of the intriguing items on the brunch menu. It was nice that they gave us each a complementary brunch drink with our meals :) they also checked out luggage while we ate. Great service for sure! My popover though was alittle disappointing. I liked the Gouda cheese with the eggs and it came with plenty of eggs and meat stuffed in a popover but it was like something I could make at home. Maybe I should have ordered something else but I thought it was too much food piled in a popover that is just okay. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their food though :)
I went at 9:45am on Sunday - we had a reservation though we wouldn't have needed it. My first impression of the restaurant was lukewarm. It has a confusing vibe: old school brown chairs with an angsty playlist that knows a couple brunch worthy tunes but mostly sings intrusive songs. Also, these wooden tables remind me of the cheap sushi restaurant place in front of my university. The kind that is chipped off on the side. All of this mixed together with a dark ambiance for a brunch = can I be happy and light for brunch or should I stay serious and heavy for the atmosphere? I don't know.I had the complimentary Bloody Mary with Salmon Benedict ($19). They claimed that their Bloody Mary to be the best - it was not. It was (if I may say) awful. Imagine a swig of convenience store brand "hot sauce", and then a shot of cheap vodka and half melted ice cube. That was their version of a Bloody Mary. Maybe they had a bad batch. Maybe it was an old mix. Maybe they forget to shake it well and measure out the ingredients. I don't know, but even after I added their house made habanero hot sauce, nothing improved. At this point, my mood was parallel to their playlist. The Salmon Benedict definitely helped turn around my expectations. First, the warm plate with glistening hollandaise sauce and fresh greens helped me ease up to the plate. Their perfectly poached eggs and those runny egg yolks with smoked salmon was a very fabulous match.Jane burger ($18) is another story. Stale bread for the burger. The pattie, burnt. The brunt taste overpowered any potential notable items, metaphorical for the entire brunch experience. I wanted to like you Jane, I really did.
Best brunch I've ever had in the city, hands down! Short rib hash is amazing, tuna tartare tacos are great too and you can't go wrong with getting any of the sides. Definitely will be back and recommending Jane to everyone!
The complimentary popcorn is so addictive. I ate almost 3 bowlfuls. Can someone tell me what is in this or better yet, distilled, can you just create a bagful of the popcorn and sell it in stores? Service was great as well and the food is tapa-like in its size. Food is flavorful yet has balances with different fresh food. Beets with cheese, savory sauces, and grilled salmon. Go if you're in the area!
My girlfriend and friends took me here for my birthday and hyped this place up bigtime for me. I'm somewhat of a party pooper and despite them taking me, I still looked up the yelp reviews while sitting down (lol). My girlfriend said how this place had an interesting menu, offered free popcorn ( I love popcorn) and have a super friendly staff (which is increasingly important to me). During the month of August, I always prefer to sit inside as summers in NY/NJ can be brutal in the heat. Somehow, it was hotter inside than it was outside. Had we not had reservations, this would have been enough for us to say 'screw it' and leave. Places that cant put on the air conditioning during summer months I lose sympathy for. 1. think about your staff 2. Think about your customers 3. Competition alone will kill that decision. Regardless, we asked to sit outside for an attempt to get a breeze. After making this decision, our waiter seemingly forgot about us sitting out there and would only take a portion of our order at a time. We ordered the wings appetizer, which in all fairness, were delicious. I ordered the burger, and while good, it's on par with any Traditional or New American burger joint in the city. My friend ordered the duck waffle which was laughably small, especially for the price. The popcorn, while free, was stale. The blueberry pie was quite possibly one of the worst deserts we collectively ever ate. We felt bad wasting it, but round robin it across the table for someone to try and stomach it down. We even asked another table if they wanted it.Not sure if we went on a bad day or not.
Great girls nightWe dined outside on a Wednesday evening to celebrate a friend's birthday-- the restaurant was already buzzing at 7:00pm. Our spot outside was perfect, the wait staff was great and we NEVER felt rushed at any point in our meal, which was nice, especially since the place was crowded. Everyone enjoyed something different to eat and enjoyed their meals. My favorites were the burrata, the tater tots and the drink called "Sparkle and Shine." The cocktails did take a little longer than they should have to arrive at our table, but that is my only complaint in an otherwise great experience. I would definitely go back for drinks and apps, especially during nice weather to enjoy the outdoor area again.