Reviews	Whom	when 	Where	Occasion						
This place gets pretty busy even during the week. I can tell they love what they do here. The attitude is just right and so is the food. Cheers!	0	0	0	0	0					
"I put off writing a review here for almost two years because I didn't want to blow up my first date spot. But it's time to share the goodness that is Wolf & Deer as either a date meeting place or the perfect place to have an intimate catchup with a close friend. It's less ideal for a gathering with a small group of friends (anything over 4 and it feels cramped), but conversely I would recommend having a few people so that you can try ALL of the cheeses and charcuterie. If your stomach space for these items is more limited, the bartenders are all very knowledgeable about good pairings (and which wine and other drinks to try them with). The mustard and jam as accompaniments are also crucial and they will keep the bread coming as needed.The happy hour deals here are pretty good, but the generous offering is that it goes until 8pm. You can usually still get a seat at 6pm and a few cocktails here make an excellent warmup for dinner down the block at Convivium Osteria (or Shake Shack or Artichoke).The horseshoe-shaped bar can feel a little tight on the side with the bathroom, so I would recommend sitting on the other side or closer to the curve. There's also some tall table spots by the windows if you don't want to the bartender to hear your awkward first-date conversation."	0	0	0	1	1					
"Went here last week and loved it! The cocktails were very well crafted-- we tried the blueberry mojito, the spicy margarita, and the gin cocktail. All were amazing!!! My favorite was the spicy margarita it had a ghost pepper chili salt, and a slight mole flavor...it was a perfect balance of acidity, spice, and sweetness. The bartender was attentive and kind and the bar itself was very nice. I would totally come back!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"Once upon a time ... It was a shadowy night in Park Slope Brooklyn. The rain glistened quiet on the sidewalk with small specks of gold to Wolf and Deer.Without a sign, and empty with the lights on before 5pm, the bar was unrecognizable in a shelled infancy. It almost looked like a banquet room for a neighboring restaurant.5:05pmThree people had now arrived, the lights dim, as a royal blue dusk, and shadows of trees listened to birds over head.The bartender handed me a book. I flipped through the pages until I came to ""happy hour"".$6 happy hour red wines came in two varietals. I chose montepulciano which came a ruby grape red in a healthy 8 ounce pour, with a balanced taste of sweet fruit and dry, with smoky earth. Vines curled around me, blossoming small white flowers that seemed to hum.I turned the page to the Lost Boy Kitchen where Little Red Riding Hood bruschetta, with shrimp, tarragon and marscapone, and three little pigs say macaroni and cheese with a jalapeo and prosciutto add on option plucked at my heartstrings to be beat by the happy hour charcuterie special of any 3 meats and or cheeses for $12. I didnt have time to read the ample cheese menu, with over 10, but instead focused on meat, and chose wagyu beef, duck and prosciutto.  The meat, like the wine was of good quality and a great value in such a large portion. I saw a page full of whiskeys, a page full of beers, and a page full of craft cocktails all affordably priced. A waterfall poured behind me into a crystal pool with dancing gold salamanders on rocks as happy fish swam underneath lily pads. The humans multiplied in numbers at this packed small modern yet old world cozy feeling bar.With $9 craft cocktails, $12 charcuterie boards and $6 wines happy hour is not to be missed if you are in Park Slope.I sprouted large strong wings and a gold brick path beckoned before me to another world.And I lived happily ever after."	0	1	0	0	1					
Who is the genius that invented the mastic cocktail? Tell me! For the most part I found the cocktails to be a little watered down. The over use of crushed ice in the summer will do that. But the forth star was earned when we had a carrot concoction that used a little known Greek liquor. It's a cute spot and gets the job done.	0	0	0	0	0					
"This place has a fantastic vibe! I had some time to kill around the area and was looking for a place to go. Wolf and Deer seemed to have the best wine list out of every place within reasonable walking distance so I chose to go here. When I first walked in, on a Saturday night, it was packed and I thought it was some hipster place... but the crowd thinned out a bit and the vibe changed a bit.The wine list was pretty good... Not quite wine bar standard, but there were some decent options, better than what most bars tend to have. The atmosphere was great, the staff was friendly and not afraid to moderate the situation and cut people off if they are drinking too much, which I appreciate as a woman going out alone.What I really admired looking at though was their cocktail list. There were so many unique creations based on literature, and it was such a fun and unique concept, and reminded me of a library and bar I used to go to in Japan that had a similar theme.I'm not much of a cocktail person at all and prefer to drink wine, but even I was tempted to try one...I will definitely be back, probably for wine, unless I give into the temptation which is their rather impressive seeming cocktail list."	0	1	0	0	1					
"I really like the fairytale/ bedtime story theme the bar has. The menu is attached to a story book. We went here for happy hour. Unfortunately, they went away with their happy hour meal deals and did not update their menus which was a bummer. I think the bartender said in they are in the process of re-doing it. The paninis are delicious. I got the ""three little pigs"" without cheese. It had prosciutto and salami with side arugula salad and potato chips. My friends order the grilled cheese and they loved it. So that's another option for the cheese lovers. The ""don't fear the reaper"" is a must have drink too. The place is slightly small, its the bar with chairs surrounding it like a U."	1	1	0	0	2					
"BK nights walking up 5th Ave after dinner with my IN-Loves (inlaws) and as we peeked in several bars the Vibe was amiss until we peeked into this place and felt the vibe that encouraged us to pop a squat at the bar. We sat at the bar and Kelsey was in action working the bar with the various customers some being regulars and others newbies like us. Across the bar was a friendly smile from this young man who was indulging in hot wings sitting next to a nice older Asian guy. He sparked up convo and we cracked jokes while ordering our drinks with his help as well as Kelsey help. Later after his hot wing feast we learned his name is Gavin and he is a bartender as well. We ended up with 2 A Peck of Pepper and 1 Flowers in the Attic all made by Kelsey. Our drinks were amazing and we met some cool people in the process at the bar even a local restaurant owner who's restaurant we will try next week. This place is small, trendy, smooth and appealing all wrapped up in a ball of Oooohh YEAH .."	1	1	0	0	2					
"In theory I'd really really like this place. They have craft cocktails, an amazing layout and a phenomenal cocktail program. Bonus points, if you're a Yelp cashback person, you get money back AND this place also offers miles for those that register their card for Delta dining. That said it's quite small which means when it gets busy folks are breathing down your neck for a seat and not all bartenders are the same when it comes to a friendly, pleasant experience. While one was charming and pleasant, the other didn't seem keen to help others. Often very transactional, and seemingly like we were the ones burdening them. Perhaps that bartender was having a bad day. Perhaps it was just a busy time (although their not-quite-warm nature expended to slow times as well), but if you're looking for a no-frills, craft-made cocktail with a ton of aide benefits, come here!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"Stopped in for their happy hour tonight and it was so fun! From the bartenders to the customers, everyone was friendly and welcoming. Their oysters were fresh (I think I ate 6 in 2 minutes). I ordered the cocktail named ""don't fear the reaper"" and my bf ordered the ""bad apple."" The bad apple was very strong. Rum smacked my taste buds as I took my first sip. The reaper drink reminded me of a mojito because of the mint (my favorite). I will definitely be back for oyster night!"	1	1	0	0	0					
Great service from Kelsey and awesome craft cocktails. The partridge and a pear tree is yummers I love the atmosphere. I didnt try the food but heard it was great for bar food. Great spot to hang out with friends and catch up. I like a place I can talk to friends and get great customer service and drinks from the bartender. This place did that!	1	0	0	0	0					
"Good cocktails. Delicious apps. The space leaves a bit to be desired size wise, but has a great look."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Great cocktail bar in north slope. Craft cocktails and cute decor are a big draw for this space. Not too big and perfect for a quiet night in park slope! Cocktails are $14 and during happy hour they are $10. Food is also available, never had any personally but other ordering- looks delicious!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"I had some time to kill and Wolf and Deer seemed like the perfect place to kill it. They have a great happy hour from 5:00 - 8:00. I love it when places extend happy hour to 8:00. They have $9 cocktails and $5 beers. It was a Tuesday so they also had pork sliders for $2 each that came in orders of two or six. The place is long and narrow. Not a lot of space, but they make it work. Immediately upon entering I was handed a menu that looked like a book. Well that's because it was a book. The first bunch of pages were the menu, but the rest was an actual book. I usually just go for the beer, but since this was a cocktail spot and it was happy hour I decided on the Curious George. The cocktail was bourbon, scotch, banana, lime, ginger and topped with some nutmeg. This just sounded amazing and it was. As I was sitting there I saw someone had ordered the pork sliders and they looked delicious, so I asked the bartender for an order of three. These came out fairly quickly and were quite amazing. The bun was just the right size for the amount of meat and they pork was very moist and just melted in your mouth. If you are there on a Tuesday you need to order these."	0	1	0	0	0					
"I haven't written a review for Wolf and Deer? Blasphemy. This place is one of my favorite cocktail bars..... when I can get a seat. Alas the only strike against this place is that the place is somewhat on the smaller side. I'd say arrive at the right time, but who knows what the right time is. I've been there at ""dead"" hours and it was packed. Been there for the ""busy"" hours and there were several spots available. Basically, just get lucky. They make do with the space they have. The bars narrow U shape design that enables the staff to operate behind the bar, with a door at the end to exit. There's some space in the front, I'd recommend it if you came with a crew. Though this place isn't a place you come with a crew. What makes the place clutch is that it has a happy hour that goes till 8. We all can't make it to that happy hour that goes till 7. We have to work. You gotta squeeze in the gym. Or you know, stare at your phone for endless hours, escaping the non exist meaning of life..... Oh wait, back to the review. They know how to make drinks here. If you don't like anything on the menu, they'll make you something you like. The design of the bar is beautiful. Their glasses placed above the bar are a nice touch. It goes hand in hand with the wonderful cocktails they make. I wouldn't say this is a place to get dinner, rather it a place to nibble or grab a snack. They have a few dishes which go perfectly with your drinks. And there are beers to have as well, though what's the point of going to a cocktail bar and not getting cocktails. So make sure you at least get one. There's various reasons to be in this particular spot in Brooklyn. It's essentially the center of it. If you're in the mood for a drink, try stoping by here."	0	0	0	0	0					
"I encountered this place when I was heading to key food for grocery in the car. The first thing that caught my attention was the big ice cubes they were carrying into the bar. In my mind, I'm like what is that place. As a yelper, I looked it up and I'm amazing by the wonderful reviews. So, I came here two time so far and on a Thursday. Every Thursday, they have oyster HH but the oysters came from different places both time I went. Let's talk about the drinks!! They have amazing drinks. I tried everything on the HH menu beside the first one. All of them are unique but I definitely enjoy the fruity or sweet cocktails. So, they have this new drink called bunny foo foo. Apparently, it's so new that they weren't sure how to make it or what cup it's suppose to go into. Also, they didn't have carrot bits to put on it even though it's one of the ingredients. So, they do run out of stuffs but you won't believe it. The chef goes to key food to get more ingredients since it's so close by!! Must try the meat board and definitely get the duck. It was soooo good. Overall, the experience was pleasant both times. Also, make sure to have some cash because one day their credit card system went down and they didn't know about it. They were trying to fix it on the line but it took just way too long and they were on the line for over 30mins. I don't know about you guys but I have better things to do than wait till the credit card system goes back online."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Great bar!! Love the drinks and coziness. Went in with guy friends after a basketball game, and they were in awe of how delicious the cocktails were - even though they were looking for a beer spot. The cocktails were really good, we tried a variety of them, but I can't recall the names. The male bartender (Sunday night) was also awesome, made us some really cool shot-tail just by me asking him to ""please make it strong, and please add some mint"". I would recommend it, especially if you're looking for a place to taste some mixology skills!"	1	1	0	0	0					
"Next up trying the drink"" smoke on the water""- scotch and mezcal cocktail - it was ok."	0	0	0	0	0					
"We came here literally as the place opened at 5 before our Ranger/Islander game at the Barclays. Our bartender, Jackson, was one of the top 5 bartenders I have ever had make me a drink. Wolf and Deer is a small place, that gets packed once 6:00pm hits so grab a seat at the bar while you can. They are labeled as a wine bar but I think more craft than just wine because of all the cocktails, hand crafted in front of you and a few craft beers on tap. The happy hour deals are the craziest part! Especially Thursdays when they have $1 oysters. However, they did not have any oysters cleaned and shucked til 6:15 when happy hour starts at 5. Our bartender was apologetic that we had to wait over an hour for a dozen oysters but we finally got them 15 minutes before we left. They came stacked on a small plate and we weren't handed small plates so eating them was a little difficult. The cheese and charcuterie are top notch. They do a mix of three usually for $15 but HH, mix of three for $12. We started with that because of the oyster issue and had a couple cocktails to start. The Charlotte's Web was great and smooth mouth feel from the egg white. My girlfriend's cocktail came from the bartender recommendation but I forgot the name but loved the little spice after you sipped it.I would easily come back here but hopefully the oysters are ready. The reason I would come back is the bartending and the menu are easily some of the best in the area, especially with an amazing happy hour."	1	1	0	0	0					
"Wow this place is just awesome. A tiny little bar with great happy hour specials, this place caters to wine, beer, and cocktail lovers. The bar is very narrow which gives the place an intimate setting. I came here with my boyfriend before the Rangers game to grab some drinks and a bite to eat. Their happy hour is amazing - special priced house cocktails, $12 cheese and meat board, and $1 oysters!!! We arrived a little after the place opened and sat at the bar. We chatted with the bartender Jackson who was very nice! The menu itself is very cool they're books! I had the drink Where the Wild Things Are and my boyfriend had the Charlottes Web. Mine was sweet with a nice little spice on the end of the drink and my boyfriends was nice and creamy from the egg white. They have a good selection of meats and cheeses on the menu. However, we were a little disappointed with the oysters. We had to wait over an hour for them when they should have been ready by 5. Not sure what was going on in the kitchen - they were very slow. We have another event at the Barclays center and I plan on coming back here beforehand. Jackson was the best bartender! He was very nice and he even took 20% off our bill AND gave us a free beer! This place rocks and I will definitely be back."	1	0	0	0	1					
Love the U shaped bar. They really manage to do a lot within a very tight narrow space. Great happy hour and awesome cocktails. The only criticism I have is that I'm always annoyed when establishments try too hard to be hipster and edgy by using impractical things like old books for menus but I'm kind of an asshole so whatever-it's cute I guess but annoying to flip through.	0	0	0	0	0					
"Cute cocktail bar with cool ambience. Great date spot. The menus are inside classic books, great way to spark conversation and impress your literature-loving dates and friends! Drinks aren't cheap but the cocktails are good. Worth checking out."	0	0	0	0	0					
Coool amazing place. I loved the drinks and especially the cheese plate and grilled cheese.	0	0	0	0	0					
"I can't believe I haven't reviewed this place. I love it! Every cocktail I've had has been amazing. Each one is based on a different children's story, and the menus are inside of old books. These cocktails are creative and well-thought out. I think they change them periodically as well. The last time I went, I had ""Where the Wild Things Are"". It was appropriately swampy in color. I can't remember what was in it, but it was fantastic. On previous visits, I've had the Alice in Wonderland and the Secret Garden (my favorite). Their happy hour is such a steal. Around $8 or $9 for their bartime stories. Such a good deal for a well-crafed cocktail in a cute venue."	0	0	0	0	0					
Super cute spot to grab a drink with a friend and finger foods. The raw oysters were GREAT and the customer service was great!	0	0	0	0	0					
Ordered: Deviled eggs and Beef rollersCons--The beef rollers tasted like they were from a frozen box. The deviled eggs were unimpressive.	0	0	0	0	0					
Can't give enough props to Moose and Squirrel. Stacked bar; interesting bartenders; surprising cocktails.	0	0	0	0	0					
"Wolf and Deer is a small, intimate bar right by Barclays Center that serves delicious cocktails, a good selection of beer and wine, and an assortment of food options - meat & cheese plates, bar snacks, grilled cheese. From the ambience to the menu selections, this is a perfect place for a date night or catching up with a friend. Since it is right by Barclays Center, it is also a perfect place to grab a drink or two and some food before a game or concert (and luckily catch their happy hour). We came in around 10 PM on a Tuesday night looking for drinks and a small bite to eat. We had trouble deciding what to order since all the cocktails sounded appealing. You can tell a lot of thought and creativity went into the menu. Since their cocktails are named after children's books, I based my decisions on my two favorite childhood stories - Where the Wild Things Are and Charlotte's Web. Both were delicious. Where the Wild Things Are was a sweet cocktail with a nice spicy kick - I really loved this one and if it wasn't for the fact that I wanted to try something new, I would've gotten a second one. Charlotte's Web was a creamy egg-white cocktail. We also got a meat & cheese plate and pork sliders (Tues. special - $2 each for pork sliders). The standout was the Sofia cheese. If you love goat cheese and/or blue cheese, GET IT...it's amazing.Can't wait to come back and try more cocktails!"	1	1	0	0	1					
"One of the best cocktail bars in Brooklyn!!! Loved the set up of the bar, the cocktail choices and Lana the rocks! Will definitely be back here again!Must try 'peck of pepper'!!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"I made a stop here after my besties birthday. We were already pretty wasted by the time we stumbled in, what I really liked about this place was how the bar is set up. Its in a semi circle and the bartender is right in the middle. It was very easy to get her attention. Another cool part about this bar is the menus are inside of books. I was given the Spanish version of Harry Potter. The drinks are fun because the ingredients are fresh our bartender....Laura?! Was amazing she made us her take on a long island ice tea, which was amazing. Very light she put some kind of champagne in it. We were there until about 1:45 almost 2 and as the place died down we got to chat with the bartender ( sorry was plastered don't recall her name, I think it was Laura) she was funny and charismatic.A great stop if you are in the neighborhood."	1	1	0	1	3					
"Amazing drink menu and ambiance. Stopped in here on Thursday night and it was packed. Definitely stop in if you're in Park Slope! The tall, dark bartender is the best. Extremely knowledgable and thorough."	0	1	0	0	1					
"Strolling thru the neighborhood,this is def a spot to check out. Hole in the wall joint, great service and lovely appetizers. Chill place to visit after dinner for some drinks. Love it"	0	1	0	0	1					
"Stopped in before a concert at Barclays and was so pleased with my experience. The cocktails were strong and delicious. They had a delicious Mango beer on tap which is $5 during happy hour until 8PM! We had the meat rolls, which was like a taquitos with a spicy mayo, pretty good. The real winner was the truffle grilled cheese, absolutely delicious!!! The bartenders were so nice, the two working had a great banter, they were making up new drinks and having us try them. Everything was very reasonably priced, such a great place to go before anything at Barclays, highly recommend."	0	1	0	0	1					
Tiny bar in the slope with nice bartenders and an intimate vibe. Drinks are served well. If you are claustrophobic...skip it.	0	0	0	0	0					
"Visited this place during my travels to New York with a friend. Loved it. Excellent service! And I loved the deviled eggs with caviar!Oh, and the vibe at night is very cool - lighting, the folks sitting at bar, friendliness, and overall good cheer!"	0	1	1	0	2					
"I've lived two blocks away from Wolf and Deer for the better part of three years and never noticed it. Probably because it's a pretty narrow and nondescript space.But in reality, it's a super neat cocktail bar. Their menu is inventive, their bartenders are friendly, their cocktail menus are glued inside real books, and they have a kick ass happy hour until 8pm on weekdays. What's not to like?Anyway, I had several of their cocktails. The Barnyard Dance (a spicy tequila based cocktail), the Secret Garden (a cucumber, minty, vodka/St. Germain one), and something else I don't remember because the first two drinks were so strong (something with candied ginger as a garnish). Good cocktails, especially at the happy hour prices ($8 a pop).The bar itself is pretty narrow (with the service area smack dab in the middle), and there's only one bathroom. So expect to have people brushing past you. The bar seats are also strange and not very comfortable (they have this weird narrow metal back).But other than that, I look forward to coming back. Hope to come back and try their charcuterie plates because I saw some people getting some and it looked delicious and plentiful.By the way, it's a good date spot. Hint hint, wink wink, nudge nudge."	0	0	1	0	1					
"Can't get enough of wolf and deer. Bartenders are super cool and offer great service but to top it off they have some serious bar chef skills! Go here, drink it up, you'll leave very satisfied. We can't wait to go back."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Had some time before getting seated for dinner down the street, so sought a bar with great cocktails. I don't remember the names of the cocktails but these were deliciously the spiciest and smokiest cocktails I've ever had. The bartenders meticulously prepare each one with care and you can definitely tell at first sip. Coming back for sure."	0	1	0	0	0					
"Perfection of ambiance, service, food and drink.I came here solo quite early on (Friday, around 6pm), and stayed for about an hour and a half. This is a terrific place to have a few drinks and a light set of appetizers solo. The design of the bar is intimate, beautiful and very unique. I would delighted to come here on a date, but this is a magical place that was amazing on my own too. I had prosecco, red wine, and 3 cheeses. The cheese selection was chosen with the help of the bartender and was sublime, and the drinks were terrific. I hope to return here even during this short NY trip, and try their cocktails too.(PS: Happy hour is AWESOME.)"	1	1	1	0	3					
"I would like to give this place at least 4 stars because I really enjoyed the drinks, but unfortunately I cant. While the bartender was very nice, my husband was served in a dirty glass with a lipstick rim. I thought that was completely unacceptable, not to mention unsanitary. No wonder they have a B grade."	1	0	0	0	1					
"I love it here. The wine list is fab. The whole vibe is fab. The music selection is fab. The cheese and charcuterie are fab. This is a place that I always feel in the mood to go. Although I'd say the main purpose of such a place is a date, with the quiet-night-of-conversation-with-a-good-friend as the only other option. This is NOT a group spot at all. To me, that's not a big deal. I have heard that the cocktails are subpar. I don't care because I'd always rather have wine. But, if you aren't a wine person you may find yourself disappointed."	0	0	0	0	0					
"I was very impressed with how nice it looks. Great atmosphere, first-rate design. Sat at the bar and had delicious glass of Torrontes for $8, and the salmon sandwich for only $9, and it was off the charts. I think they haven't been open too long, so I'm happy with how good the food and service were for a new place. A great addition to the north slope, and I'm definitely going back!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"I was looking forward to trying this place as I walk by all the time, and after going last weekend, it was as good as I hoped.My friends and I tried a couple of cocktails - the Buenos Noches, Luna, and the James and the Giant Peach. The BN,L was awesome - spicy chipotle flavor, but not overwhelming. The JatGP was tasty - hard to go wrong with bourbon, maple syrup, and peach.I dug the decor and vibe - dark wood and lots of beautiful metalwork. The wine rack over the horseshoe bar was pretty cool.I can't wait to go back and try some of the food. I'm excited to have this place in the neighborhood."	1	0	1	0	2					
"I ve been super excited to check this place out,so me and a friend went there on a sunday night around 10:30pm. There were 6 people having drinks at the bar,but the bartender awkwardly said that we can only stay for a ""quick one"". We came all the way from the city and it was really lame. I am a bartender too and i get it,we all just wanna go home,but come on-last call at 10:30 on a halloween weekend? Pretty disappointing."	1	1	1	1	4					
Such a cute little bar. I didn't spend much time here but the vibe is really nice with some good cocktail options and yummy-looking appetizers.	0	0	0	0	0					
"This place is a win win in my book... the decor is nice, great music, the staff is friendly and knowledgeable, and the layout is open so I feel it's great place for patrons to end up joining in the same conversation. This is a great place for a date."	0	0	0	0	0					
"New place - so I'll forgive them still working out some kinks. This place might be classified as as 'wine bar', but for me, the draw is the cocktail list. The bartenders seem to know what's up - shaking and stirring some of the better cocktails I've had at extremely reasonable prices. However, the cocktail list is hit and miss, so this place might take some practice. At least they're strong!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"Love this bar. Great happy hour from 5pm-8pm. The decor is charming and cute. Bartenders are very friendly and down to earth. Owner also created Miriam, stops by some times - very friendly guy too. Love the salmon sandwich. The milkstout there is awesome. Highly recommend for hanging out with friends or date night."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Great place with nice happy hour. Small place, but nice bartenders. Very charming."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Love this place - it's just around the corner from our apartment. Fantastic atmosphere, great menu, great bartenders who take their time with each drink. I highly recommend the cucumber cocktail (can't remember the name) - but everything I've had here is great. An ideal date spot."	0	0	1	0	0					
"Wolf + Deer is a GREAT BAR. well, it is for me, and so i think probably for you too. One of the very nice things about it - besides the wine, cocktails and MOST IMPORTANTLY TO ME beer! - is that they encourage you to stay a little while, hang loose with your friends and family. i went the first week and it was nice and the service was good although did not have a traditional American pace to it (opposite experience of what i think another reviewer was saying about rushing the check).and then my second visit was a few days ago and everything had improved. i think it will always be getting better. cheers to wolf + deer!"	1	0	0	0	1					
"Went by with a couple of friends for some drinks and eats before a show at BAM. The food and cocktails were quite good. Unfortunately, the snotty bartender put a damper on our experience. She was quite rude and short...which is a service industry no-no. I've been a bartender for many years, so I do expect good service in a place like Wolf and Deer. The quality of their food and cocktails did not match this girl's crappy attitude. Luckily the other bartender was quite nice. But we won't be back. Wolf and Deer is a lovely place, but some attention should be paid to the quality of their ""hospitality."""	1	0	0	0	1					
Always have a nice time here. Staff is friendly. Crowd is cool. I'm a fan!	0	0	0	0	0					
"Very friendly, helpful bartender and cool ambience here. We hit it at happy hour which offered good value. We didn't eat here but the menu looked very interesting. In fact, the beverage and food menu here is very eclectic. I would return."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Ordered a kettle and soda there was a red thing floating in my drink. I asked the bartender if she knew what it was. Instead of pouring the drink out and giving me a new one she proceeded to try and scoop it out with a dirty spoon she found behind the bar. After finally getting it out along with half my drink, she added more ice to make it look full! Then charged me the full price of $11. Disgusted!!!"	0	0	0	0	0					
Cute place with good drinks and wine. Nice and dim and cozy. I like it	0	0	0	0	0					
"popped by monday for a catch up nightcap with a gal pal. i got the pink moon - gin based, which i like to say is a fancier g &t with lime and grapefruit juice. it was good. my pal had the james and the giant peach but they ran out of peaches. i had a sip and that cocktail was pretty sweet. i like to taste my bourbon. they have good cheese and meat platters on saturdays, so i might be back to check those out."	1	0	0	0	1					
"Wolf and Deer is a very stylish bar -- maybe too stylish. I mean, the name is basically the #1 indie rock band name noun of 2005 + the #1 indie rock band name noun of 2009. Eyeroll. The ovular bar was beautiful, but throwing the menu into an old book was trying a little hard. My menu came in a book about menstruation, which didn't exactly whet my appetite, so I opted to not sample the food. The techno music was unbearable, but the bartender was so friendly that I couldn't bring myself to complain. It's the kind of bar where people in their 30s who only wear black, gray and denim go to get laid, and anyone in another demographic is there to insecurely exert their coolness. Which is basically what single 30-somethings who don't wear color are doing, anyway. I'm guessing this place is better on a weeknight, when it's more about unwinding and less about displaying your feathers. It's lovely, but the whole thing is kind of a candlelit parody of itself."	0	0	0	0	0					
close but no cigar. should do more with the front area. food menu not quite big/good enough. ambiance almost but not quite - the menu/book idea isn't bad per se but execution was just kind of cheap and shoddy. this place really has potential if they go all in	0	0	0	0	0					
"Wolf and Deer is the best. Edwin and Frank, the bartenders, are great. Drinks are amazing. Atmosphere is lovely and the prices are fantastic!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"Amazing cocktails, delicious malt beer and very cool interior. Not so good wines by the glass, but great for everything else!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"This was my second time at Wolf and Deer, catching up with a good friend and having a lovely time escaping from the sweltering heat outside. The place is small but nice and great for a long conversation. The meat and cheese plates are super tasty, the happy hour is great, and they even have oysters. But sadly, Wolf and Deer and me had to break up today because when my friend and I looked down at our plate, it turned out we were sharing our prosciutto with a sizable ROACH! He made a pass at the oysters too, at which point my friend shrieked and the bartender took the offensive plate away with Mr. Roach scurrying off down the bar. I'm sure he found a new tasty treat in no time. We were comped the price of the dish the roach sampled but feel like we should have been comped our whole check. I was too frazzled and disgusted to think about it and feel like the bartender was a little too nonchalant about the whole thing. I'm pretty bummed because I did really like this place, but I obviously will not be coming back. They should not be serving food. Guess I have to learn to make my own cool cucumber drink."	1	0	0	0	1					
"Love this small, but intimate/cute bar. Perfect for a date or for a girls cocktail hour -- never too crowded, always could talk at normal talking voices The mixologists are great, with mixed drinks that could rival some of the more expensive speak easys of Manhattan. Their mixed drink menu has always been different each time I've visited. The wines are all very crisp and well chosen. If interested in appetizers, try the charcuterie/cheese plates or their special deviled eggs."										
"Happy to have this place! in the hood. Friendly staff, nice wines, had the grilled cheese and a salad and it was tasty."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Wolf and Deer is a hip little bar in Park Slope. I really like the layout of the bar. The venue is pretty narrow - maybe only 10 feet wide. The bar is positioned as a peninsula placed down the middle of restaurant and is against the back wall. This adds extra bar seats due to the U shape.The bartenders are friendly and attentive. They served our drinks quickly and placed our food orders promptly with the kitchen. The service was superb.There's a small selection of excellent craft beers on tap and in bottles. There were about four on tap and eight bottles. There was a nice offering of wines and an outstanding selection of craft cocktails. I didn't order a cocktail, yet I witnessed the skill of the bartenders in making them. Truly a display of wonderful artisanship.We decided to order a couple appetizers. We had the deviled eggs and the beef rollers. The beef rollers were a simple beef taquito with a spicy Russian dressing like sauce. I really enjoyed the deviled eggs. I thought they were are nice pairing with the red wine I was having at the time."	0	0	0	0	0					
"The drinks here are incredible. Service is great. Menu is cool as hell. Food is very satisfying. And Kelsey is freaking awesome. Like, beyond description. Stop in for some refreshing and delicious cocktails and grab some food. They always have something new and creative going on. You won't be disappointed."	0	0	0	0	0					
This place is a total gem! We went here for an evening cocktail and the bartenders know what they are doing. My wife asked the bartender what was her favorite drink and the bartender asked her what she enjoyed drinking? The bartender then made my wife a drink that was not even on the menu. My wife loved it! I ordered the watermelon drink and it was DELICIOUS! I would definitely say this is a place you must check out because their unique take on drinks is AMAZING! Did I mention their cocktail/wine menu is inside of a book that you can also read while sipping on your drink!	1	1	0	0	2					
"Damn, this place was such a wonderful find. All around great place, wonderful vibe and the cocktails were amazing. And the food was damn good. The place doesn't have a full kitchen; they do cheese and charcuterie and paninis etc and they are all damn good. Deviled eggs are amazing and their attention to the cheeses and meats they serve are legit and fabulous and served perfectly. Go and enjoy. Awesome bartenders too."	0	0	0	0	0					
If I can give this place negative stars I would. Service was completely horrible!!!!! When my friend and I asked for a menu at the bar a male bartender threw the menu towards us! Did not even bother asking us if we wanted anything! I work for customer relations and all I can say is this make bartender needs some serious customer relationship skills. Would never bother even driving by this place.	1	0	0	0	1					
"Atmosphere: intimate wine bar suitable for after work drinks or a date night with your SO. Narrow bar with seating that wraps around both sides and some standing room if you can't get a seat.Happy hour: they do have happy hour wine specials on both wine and champagne.Food: expect meat and cheese plates as well as small plates, tapas style that you are shareable.Drinks: champagne was fresh and inexpensive during HH. I did not have the wine but it is a wine bar, so would assume that they have an expansive selection.Overall: went here on a date, and it wasn't too loud or overcrowded. Nice lighting, attentive service and a good Thursday night spot."	1	1	0	1	3					
Looking for a late night spot to get a drink a friend and I were led here. There were probably 6 other people inside besides us. I like the size and look of the bar. I can't write a drawn out review b/c I stuck with one drink for the night... the secret garden w/ gin instead of vodka....amazing!!!I will definitely be here on nights when I get writers block...HA!	1	1	0	0	2					
"Great atmosphere with the bar in the round, creating an almost communal space that's great for conversations. The menus, based on books, feature a range of craft cocktails all named after literary works. The Velveteen Rabbit, based on a classic gin, was a true highlight. The deviled eggs are delicious and should not be passed up."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Definitely love the quirks of this charming, narrow, dimly lit cocktail bar.The space is basically one long bar, which feels very communal. You may get bumped around a little as people try to squeeze past you, so choose your seats accordingly. The menus are pasted into old books, which gladdens my literary soul (ignoring the book defacing). The cocktails have very charming names that reference children's books or songs. Good happy hour too.I ordered a Gingerbread Man cocktail, as much for the name as for the fact that I like ginger anything. It was enjoyable but for whatever reason not particularly memorable. I would definitely like to try the other cocktails. Also did a charcuterie plate, where you can mix and match meats and cheeses for $10 during happy hour! We chose the smoked duck breast, a goat cheese (Midnight Moon) and sheep cheese (Idiazabel). We made good choices! Both cheeses were incredible, and the duck breast was delicious too. The whole grain mustard and fruit preserves were nice accompaniments. Really liked the vibe of this place. It's a good date spot, but I could even see this as a place where you could go by yourself and chill with a great cocktail."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Came on a Sunday meeting friends from out of town. Cute small place. Here is where it all went wrong.. I came in waiting for my friend, bartender saw me and did not acknowledge me for a good 5 minutes . Place was not even busy. Then after giving me a drink list, she waiting another 5 min to come and ask me what I wanted after giving her many looks and smiles that I was ready to order, she could have cared less. We ended up leaving after one drink because she was so inattentive . Definitely would not go back. If you have the patience to try it out, they do have a good list of drinks and alcohol."	1	1	0	1	3					
"I came here for a drink with a friend. I was surprised there weren't tables. The bar is kind of like a U shape. It had an interesting layout. The menus are in actual books, which was really interesting and cool. I ordered this cocktail with cucumber, mint, and vodka. I liked it a lot. I didn't get to try the food but I would definitely return to try it!"	1	0	0	0	1					     
Cozy and intimate this bar is the perfect spot for after work drinks. They have a happy hour from 5-8. The house cocktails are great. Their appetizers and small bites are good but I find a bit underwhelming for the price.	0	0	0	0	0					
"I have come here several times and I am never disappointed.Also the drinks are STRONG. Take an Uber home.I love that their menu is a repurposed old book!Friendly, helpful service. They comped us a drink after making a mistake and forgetting to prepare a drink we ordered, which I appreciated.Great happy hour. I think it's a few dollars off their cocktails."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Pros: Unique atmosphere with a big table in the middle surrounding the barCons: Drinks were unmemorable. The cocktails were all too sweet. The happy hour was good-ish, but can definitely find better deals in the neighborhood."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Delicious cocktails and interesting cheese selection! The music is really good, I like the long bar and the barman was super friendly. We only had a cheese plate but the food from the people around us smelled amazingly!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"Awesome place: The best parts of a speak-easy - with a variety of both great food (small plates) and drinks, with the expected low-level lighting - but WITHOUT the usually overwhelmingly exclusive atmosphere and/or snooty service.Bar set-up is long and narrow, with seating in an oval shape around the bar, allowing for causal and easy conversation with the bartender or other customers, if you choose. Our bartender was jovial, engaging, and conversational without being anywhere close to pretentious or pompous!They don't offer a large selection of food, but what they do offer (select sandwiches, meat and cheese platters, soup, salad) is lovely. Definitely try the ""choose your own"" meat and cheese platters (your choice of all meats, all cheeses, or a combination of both). The meats come with spicy mustard and the cheeses come with spicy cherries. A great deal for the quality of the selections!They also have excellent Mac & Cheese, which we paired with a fall-themed salad (photo).I would definitely go back!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"Food: split a board of meats and cheeses- the Sofia cheese was my favorite a combination of bleu and goat- amazing.. For meats the best was the fireball, a spicy salami... Didn't try any cocktails but there was a good selection of wine and beer Service: our bartender was really nice and friendly , but she did forget to ring in the salad we ordered, we ended up filling up on the charcuterie plate so it we didn't mention itAmbience: intimate, dim lighting.. Music was a little too loud... I wish the place had more seats! Loved that the menus came as an old fashioned book, cute idea"	0	0	0	0	0					
"Great cocktails with an excellent charismatic sassy bartender! Jackson made me the most sexy whiskey sour I think I ever had... So simple but so good! Not everyone can get it this right... Happy st.pattys, love the vibe here too!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"I've been here twice - once during happy hour (which is optimal based on their specials) and one other time on the weekend. Nice variety of drinks and a quaint variety of food items. As far as drinks, I had the Barnyard Dance - very spicy tequila based drink (not for those with mild tastes)... one word - awesome.  Then grabbed their amber ale on tap - again, very good and among three others available on draft. It is a limited beer selection on tap but they have a few other bottled beers as well. As for the food - options are limited but good choices available. I came on Thursday so it was $1 oyster night. I have weaned off of oysters but figured I'd get back on the wagon - glad I did, very good. I also got their $10 cheese/meat plate - this was perfect. I opted for two soft cheeses - one was a brie and not sure of the other - both were excellent.  As for the meat, what else, but prosciutto, - thinly sliced and was a great complement. It comes with bread, spicy mustard and some interesting cherries. Good stuff. Great place for happy hour, a date or to grab a drink and light bite with some friends.  There is a modest amount of space and I'm not sure when is the best time to maximize your likelihood of getting a bar stool. I haven't had any problems the two times i've come."	0	1	0	0	0					
"Peacock strut coming down the block. Tourist trying to pretend he's not a tourist. Although that's probably the most touristy thing to do in Brooklyn. Quick. Feathers down. Look inside and see the entirety of the space as it reaches back along the bar to the kitchen. The bartender smiles and waves. Something not to be discounted in this city of harder tougher richer faster smarter. I guess the game's afoot then.Her hair tied back. Her septum pierced. Her long fingers handed me a book. Bar name stamped red across buckram hide. Literary tannery. Start with the menu and continue on to Danish philosophy. I get caught up on the section HAPPY HOUR CHEESE PLATE. Somewhere my liberal arts degree is laughing. She asks if I want a drink. I say that would be just fine.Mezcal, strawberry, ginger beer, lime. Cracked ice. Don't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus. This little pigeon drove drunk. The espadin smoke rose thick from the crash. Twisted round the last tree of fruit and spice and smiled back at me. Wow. That drink metaphor got morbid quickly. I'm supposed to be on vacation. Let's drop a hundred on car crash cocktails and pretend that I saved enough money for this trip. We'll pretend that I'm not still heart broke."	0	0	0	0	0					
The drinks were very good and it was great getting them at the happy hour price. Wish there was more food on the menu. What we did get the deviled eggs and beef rolls both were very good. Unfortunately Wednesday is one of the few days that does not have a food special. Would like to go back to try pork sliders and oysters.	0	1	0	0	0					
"Just because I want to be careful about giving lots of places five stars, I sat thinking for a bit for something about Wolf and Deer that I don't like so I could knock it down a peg and appear somewhat objective. The truth is, though, that the biggest knocks against it are that it's a bit expensive and the food menu is relatively sparse.That's ok, though. It's in the middle of a great part of Brooklyn and has a fantastic drink menu with excellent bar staff. It's going to be expensive. It's also not a restaurant, so the lack of a diverse food menu is fine. It's very high-end bar food.I dig the place. The ambience is great. The location is great. The crowd is great. The staff is great. Great wine and beer selections and interesting cocktails if you're into that. I don't have anything to complain about."	0	0	0	0	0					
We like the book menu and we like the rack that holds the glasses. It's a little pricey but it's Brooklyn after all. There's some aggressive mirror action going on. Good place for a discussion about Franco-British relations circa the revolutionary period.	0	0	0	0	0					
"Can't believe it took me this long to get here, I had it bookmarked for a while. it's centrally located w various subway lines. The most important of all, beatiful understated bar w good selections not just wine, but also cocktails, beers, cheese and sandwiches. Their happy hour is til 8pm, I had Cortes du Rhone, bartender called it house classic, and we stick w the same wine thru out the night. bartender was friendly, attentive and quick even though she's got the whole bar occupied. I just love the atmosphere, super chilled and relax! come early! cos it gets packed pretty quick, even on a Wed night!"	0	1	0	0	0					
"Excellent atmosphere, bartenders, and drinks. Food was great as well! + visited last night 11/13/15 around 1045pm. It wasn't too busy which was perfect because I tried coming here 2x but left after there were no seats/too crowded. + i tried the violet something (don't see it on the webmenu), and it was DELICIOUS. + grilled cheese, little egg/big egg, salami panini - all were good. but just good imo. I wanted to try the bean pizza and mac and cheese but they were out. The grilled cheese was the best of the 3 items ordered. deviled eggs tasted regular. salami panini would've been better if there was less fat/strange casing on the salami??? idk how to explain it, but there were inedible pieces of im thinking casing still on the salami.. i'm not trying to eat that. it's all hard and rubbery.+ the menu books were a cool idea. i dig it. *I would definitely return!*"	0	1	0	0	0					
"I've been here a couple of times on dates, and I liked it each time.For starters it is just blocks from my house, so easy access, easy to stumble home. :)Another bonus is they have food on offer, so for those late night bar crawls it is a perfect last stop. You can look forward to a guilt laden grilled cheese which will make you forget how mom used to make them. Serious cheese lovers indulgence. I have not ventured to the mac & cheese yet, but I've heard it's equally delicious.Beer-wise, I've had those Left Hand Milk Stouts a few times, and they never dissappoint. They also have Franziskaner Hefe. For the wine drinkers the list is huge, so look forward to a lot of choices there.Did I not mention how cool the space is? It's a long thin bar, so they made really creative use of the space. A long thin bar bisects the room, with stools on either side so revelers can face eachother or see themselves in the mirrors along the wall. On either side of the bar you'll see cool steel & glass doors. One goes to the kitchen & the other goes to the bathroom. Really ingenius layout. Someone was thinking!This is a great spot, I recommend it."	1	0	0	0	0					
Wolf and deer must say the face of this place was definitely Jason aka J the man stumbled into this bar and fell in love very attentive greeted with water which I was a bit parched he probably reads minds lol humorous gent plenty of character definitely will be returning for Jason big ups on cocktail the secret garden !! Can't wait to try the food !	0	0	0	0	0					
"Really tasty, creative drinks. The vibe is very cliche-Brooklyn (menus sewn into books, etc), but the staff was knowledgeable and funny. Definitely best for smaller groups--the bar is hard to access//you can't get device without getting up there."	0	0	0	0	0					
"I've been to Wolf and Deer a few times and enjoyed the cocktails, but recently had a horrible experience on a slow Thursday night for happy hour. The bartender was very surly, and after waiting 15 minutes for the cheese plate we ordered, we asked for a status update and were told he had given our cheese plate to other patrons at the bar, who said nothing when they received food they hadn't ordered. There were only about five parties in the place, so this was pretty confusing, and we were in a rush so we asked for a refund rather than waiting for the cheese plate. It took a while for the bartender to figure out how to refund us for the cheese, and he still charged us for both of our drinks, rather than comping us anything to make up for his earlier mistake. We will not be coming back here."	0	1	0	0	0					
"Worst service I have ever encountered. If you want to be treated badly and humiliated, go to this place.There was only 1 bar tender, we sat at the bar and ordered drinks and the food. The bar tender was rude and impatience but I didn't think about it too much. Then he asked us where we are originally from, we told him and then he said ""that's why I don't like you"". We were shocked. It was so racist.Beforehand I ordered grilled cheese. At some point I saw the kitchen taking out the plate and putting in on the bar.I patiently waited for the bartender to check on my food. After 15 min, the plate is still there, getting cold, I asked the bar tender if he could check on my order. He said, there are other people before you.So I waited a few more minutes thinking that's not my plate. I asked him again if the plate on the bar could be mine, he didn't even turned around to check it and said no.After 5 more min, the plate is there getting cold almost half an hour now, he goes to the kitchen, then comes back and pick up the cold dish and brings it to me. Didn't even apologize.I told him it's not ok that it's been sitting there for more than 20 min, he said- I'm busy with other customers. Not even ""I'm sorry about that"", that was so rude, as if how do I dare to ask him if that's my plate.That guy should get fired. Never coming back to this horrible place."	0	0	0	0	0					
"I came here with a group of four friends for birthday cocktails on a Saturday evening. I'm surprised we were seated as soon as we walked in because the bar is teeny tiny! I think it seats 25 people at the most. We all loved the books-turned-menus and the literary themed cocktails! Not only is it a creative idea, but it gives you something to read while waiting for drinks. I ordered the James and the Giant Peach. I loved the fresh ingredients and bright, fruity flavor. I also ordered the chili, and it was amazing! I honestly didn't think that skinny could make bold, flavorful food (sorry), but the chili was exactly that. Next time I'm in NYC, I'll be sure to drop by again!"	1	1	1	1	4					
"Finally! A cocktail bar in Park Slope that has everything you're looking for in one - and there's no more need to venture out of the neighborhood anymore.Inventive cocktails? Yes. Delicious? Yes. Atmosphere? Yes. Unique decor and space? Yes. Happy hour? Yes.This is the place to be if you want to have an amazing cocktail as well as the place to take your friends. My favorite cocktail is definitely the Secret Garden: a mixed concoction of vodka, St Germain, lime, cucumber, mint. Another interesting drink is the Barnyard Dance: infused spicy tequila, agave nectar, lime - and note, they do make it spicy so if you can't handle it, then you can tell them to make it less so.The space is just as amazing as the drinks. It is not a typical bar scene and in fact you feel like you're not in Park Slope when you're here.I'm so glad that Wolf and Deer has an extended happy hour - until 8pm and it is every day, including weekends!"	0	1	0	0	1					
"Immediately upon sitting down at the bar, I was handed a book. Confused and slightly breathless from running to catch happy hour a few minutes before 8 pm, I opened it up to the middle to find it was an actual book. Still confused, less out of breath, and pretty sure the mystery book was in fact the drink menu, I decided to do as most should when reading a book and started from the first page. Lo and behold, the drink menu it was!With such whimsical names as The Secret Garden and James and the Giant Peach (both of which my friend and I got), it was hard not to fall in love with these ""Bartime Stories"" (their seasonal cocktails) and the taste of each sealed the deal. Both were great but in different ways. The Secret Garden was more refreshing since it had lime, cucumber, and mint in it, and James and the Giant Peach was perfectly peachy sweet without going overboard on the sugar. Yum. This little bar was a great find."	1	1	0	0	2					
Great spot! Nice and chill. Had a light rendezvous with a close friend.I loved the Ros! Light & semi sweet! Thanks you guys! We had an awesome time.	1	0	0	0	1					
"Their cocktail, ""The Secret Garden,"" deserves 4 stars! It's a lovely blend Vodka, St. Germain, lime, cucumber, mint, which makes for a refreshing surprise in your mouth. I can't drink cocktails that taste two strong so I was pleasantly surprised at how easy it was to drink. Yet, it must have been super strong because one almost put me under - I actually didn't finish it. Now, I rarely drink, am petite, and hadn't eaten dinner yet... but still... it must have been strong! The space is beautiful - everything is custom made - bar, seats, everything! I particularly liked the menus, which are random books that they inserted their menu into. The food was pretty good - we had the ""big eggs, little eggs,"" which are deviled eggs topped with caviar, a meat/cheese plate, and a grilled cheese."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Irony (not Alanis style) is when you defend something that turns out to bite you in the heiney (not affectionate name for beer).the wine, which was pointed out to me in the context of ""I always worry about some wines by the glass... whether they're low quality or have been left open too long."" me: ""no, they're fine!"" after just two glasses, this wino woke up with that icky crappy-wine headache, the one I used to get when I was 22 and thought it was ok to drink the wine they serve doofuses (like me) in Irish pubs, the one they've had open for six weeks. the space is cute and the servers are friendly, but that's where it ends, really. I kept saying, ""no, it's fine"". but really, those chair bench things look cool but every man, woman and child agrees they are the most uncomfortable things on the face of the planet. they slope down so you're constantly falling (unless you're wearing rubber pants) and they are just the wrong size for any tush bigger than a toddlers. and I know it's park slope, but still, toddlers should not be bellying up to the wine bar.oh, $1 oysters on Thursdays. I choked on pieces of shell and godknowswhatelse in each of the briney LI ones they had yesterday. you get what you pay for, sometimes.full of peeps coming or going from the Barclays Center. I think you could walk half a block and do better.redeemed a star for their epic negroni, ironically the best I've ever had-- I used to make these things weekly!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"good happy hour here, $6 glasses of wine, $9 cocktails and $4 draft beers until 8 pm. the bartender was friendly but sometimes hard to get his attention. They also have amazing spicy pickles here."	0	1	0	0	0					
"Like a previous poster, I'm hesitant about giving 5 stars, because then it gives it less value if something comes along that is better. But I couldn't really find anything wrong with it! I went there on a Wednesday with my fiance for pre-dinner drink. Great times.Service - excellent, bartender was attentive, knew the wines and chatty only if you wanted itDrinks - The happy hour had a decent selection and went to 8pm as opposed to 7pm like other places. The cocktails looked interesting too!Location - right near Atlantic, but not too close.Setting - Was good, good lighting, music good and not too loud."	1	1	0	0	0					
A great place to go for cocktails and small bites. The drink menu changes seasonally and there are always new delicious cocktails every time we go. The ambiance is chill and the bartenders are usually friendly. The novels-turned-menus that they use are also a nice touch.	0	0	0	0	0					
This is a very nice little wine bar in the Park Slope/Prospect Heights area. They play some really nice music and everyone gives a really cool and friendly vibe. Perfect for a little after/before dinner drinks. Definitely a go to spot from now on. Wine selection is pretty decent. The ones that they have are good. So no going wrong there. It's a good talk and drink type of bar on Sunday for sure!	0	1	0	0	0					
"Hidden little gem. Wonderfully intimate cocktail bar with delicious food. Is perfect for a date or catch up with a friend. Get the grilled cheese with kale salad. Mac and cheese and decided eggs great too. Bartenders are knowledgable and fast. My absolute favorite cocktail was the green eggs and ham. Was a nice blend of spicy kick with some sweet. Don't be afraid of the bright green color, go for it! And so stop in when in the neighborhood, you won't regret it."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Fantastic spot - friendly, talented barkeeps, reasonable happy hour, great specials, nice selection of cocktails, and intimate atmosphere, accentuated by a lengthy custom-fabricated u-shaped bar. My new go-to neighborhood haunt!"	0	0	0	0	0					
"I'm 90% sure this was the former Total Wine Bar, and has the original bar in place. I went here on a Friday night after a concert at BAM. It was moderately crowded. Drinks were prepared well, but not mind blowing. Music was all 1990s alternative rock. Felt like I was in high school and college again.  Probably won't be back as I don't live in the area."	0	1	0	0	1					
It's okay. Not cold but not friendly. 2 rounds of the same house cocktail tasted completely different. Eh.	0	0	0	0	0					
"I do not like Green Eggs and Ham. I do not like nondescript non spicy puree with a cup of agave Sam I... whatever. But, I do like their peaches so I shake their tree. One two punch. Should have quoted from that song Peaches and Cream. But dont know if it's yelp appropriate.I also like how their hip bar set up looks like a toy train rotary. And I enjoyed reading the obscure law book they printed their menu in. Indeed, author, law definitions are too damn long. But I dont like how their admittedly cool bathroom has an opaque door. People may know that the blurry figure is doing something in there, but they cant tell what number it is."	0	0	0	0	0					
"Wolf & Deer is a really cozy, chill, hip bar!!! My boyfriend and I hopped over to this place after work and it greeted us with open space, and dark decor. The open space was very surprising cause this place is TINY!!! They use very smart furniture and layout to accommodate for a large crowd and even a small crowd.The cool parts about Wolf & Deer is the beautiful tin ceiling, the names of the foods/drinks, and the menu!! The menu is inserted and attached into an actual hardcover book!! LOLTonight I had a delicious and beautiful ""James and the Giant Peach"" and a Pull-pork sliders. The drink had mint leaves, bourbon, and a peach .... With various other things. It was DELICIOUS! The sliders were very good. The little burgers came with pulled pork, coleslaw, and some special sauce in between two cute buns. My boyfriend had the 1911 Apply Cider and the Mac & cheese which was a hefty size and it came with a side of bread. I personally think it should have came with a small side salad because cheese and bread is a bit of an overkill on the carbs and fats wagon, Ya know? The crowd, for some reason, was mostly female (I don't know why) and young professionals which I thought was a little odd because it had more of a dark and masculine vibe .... But not masculine in a dive/sports bar kind of way but .... A kind of bar you hope to meet a sexy bearded guy who reads classic Russian novels and is into local music ....Anyway, I really enjoyed myself at Wolf & Deer!!!"	1	1	0	0	2					
"Arrived 6pm on a Tuesday night , place was very pleasant and quiet , by 7pm place was packed, space was a bit narrow but I'd go back for happy hour till 8pm. Had the hot polar express, a little too sweet for me."	0	1	0	0	1					
"There's nothing I don't like about this tiny little cocktail joint.The consistently well-crafted, beautifully balanced cocktails with all sorts of spirits.The skilled, low-key bartenders.The lively (but not overbearingly so) crowd.The menu stuck inside a book. The bar perfectly packed, with just a couple of seats open for us.The fact that you've named a cocktail after James & The Giant Peach. (I'm a sucker for Roald Dahl.) I've yet to try the extensive list of snacks and cheeses, but right now, you're perfect for a pre or post-dinner drink, and maybe even for drinking my dinner."	0	1	0	0	1					
"Had an awesome time here! Will definitely be returning asap. Ambience is great, bartender was friendly and AWESOME about being on top of water refills. That was honestly a huge thing - had an important meeting the next day and I woke up without much of a hangover because of that - so thank you! All around cute, fun place. Can't wait to go back."	0	0	0	0	0					
I really like this bar and I really like their 'Barnyard Dance' - it has me coming back for more!The bar is cozy and hip but there is limited seating. There are times when it is empty but other times when it gets pretty packed and is difficult to move around. If you are a spicy margarita fan then this is a must.	0	0	0	0	0					
Great for a good cocktail. But something about the place is cold - doesn't make me want to hang out and spend much time there.	0	0	0	0	0					
"I went here with my boyfriend for drinks. I liked it. It was a cool, laid back vibe and the set up was unique for such a small place. The menus were in books which was cool. The drinks were good. I would go back."	1	0	0	0	0					
"Tried the old man & the sea as well as the great Gatsby. Good enough cocktails. Place is busy but not crowded and the barmaid helpful and friendly. I think the barman was rather grumpy with his beard to match...must have been a long day for him or a long life but never the less a nice place for a drink. Menu was interesting, we tried the beef rollers which were yummy"	0	0	0	0						
I Came. Here Wen Ever I feel like. Having. Some. Good. Wine cheese. And want. To have a Good. Time I love there. Grill cheese Is served. With Delicious. Aregula. Salad. And truffle.and Make. And cheese. The service. Is ways. Good. And the.bartender. always. Remember. Me	0	0	0	0						
"Came here with my girlfriend, best friend and his girlfriend. Perfect environment for this situation. Good cocktails, and a beautiful bar. The menus are books, mine was Harry Potter in Spanish so I was immediately impressed haha. Overall a calm, but good experience to hang out with a few friends."	1	0	0	0						
"The secret garden was very refreshing. The mint and cucumber frangranxe was a delight. The Green egg ham was very different than any other drink I had. It had a very strong pepper smell but it wasnt spicy. It was actually pretty good. I didnt really taste the alcohol but rather a healthy juice. As for the Giant Peach, it wasnt bad but not anythign different nor that great for the price. Its a small intimate place with uncomfortable seats so dont plan to stay there for too long"	0	0	0	0						
"This a total tinder bar. So if you have a tinder date, apparently this is the place for you. Very romantic atmosphere. Good drinks, but pricier than other bk spots. Food is eh. Service is great."	0	0	0	1						
"Great spot to grab a cocktail for happy hour. I came with my close girlfriend this past Monday March 3rd at 6 p.m. we had a female bartender... Who unfortunately was not friendly with us at all. I loved the atmosphere, music and drinks. But man did this woman kill our vibe. My girlfriend and I are sincerely nice people. So we didn't understand why we were getting the cold shoulder.Anybody can make drinks but what makes a great bartender is one with the right personality. She kind of ignored us and made it so obvious we were her last priority compared to the other guest. Thankfully the other bartender- I think his name was James ? Tall with dark hair-got behind the bar with her because he was a people person for sure. I want to come back and be a regular but if I were to walk in there and see that same bartender I would probably leave :( I still give 4 stars for the fact it was a nice spot"	1	1	0	0						
I was here for a quick drink with a friend and gf. It's really nice place for after hour drink or a date night really. However I don't really like the face their brooklyn drink price is standard as the manhanttan price. Well i guess we should all move to queens now.Overall it's a great enjoyment and the bartender is very nice however bad in advising what to drink. Don't really care as I asked for what's her recommendation.	1	1	0	0						
"Trendy and intimate. Bartenders serve great drinks at reasonable prices. I've gone a few times on a Sunday night, which is expectedly calm and relaxing."	0	1	0	0						
"Went here to meet a guy for drinks. Great spot with the exact vibe I was looking for - chill, not too crowded, with a friendly bartender. I really can't stand pretentiousness, so I like that he told me about the story behind the name and books while I waited for my date. I didn't get a mixed drink so I can't give my opinion on that, but my glass of sauvignon blanc was good and was the usual $10. The book concept was pretty interesting, and if you're meeting someone like me, it makes a good conversation starter. I'm definitely open to coming here again and trying the food too."	1	0	0	0						
"You know, it's kind of expensive, but I've always had a really nice time here. I love cocktails, and have enjoyed all the drinks they've made me. The last time I went the bartender (Josh? I am so bad with names) made me an amazing non-alcoholic drink with watermelon, because I am off the booze for a little while. It was spectacular. I've also enjoyed the crap out of the grilled cheese. I am super psyched to go back when I can drink alcohol again."	0	0	0	0						
"Great little chill spot, perfect for unwinding after a long day. Supposedly gets slammed on the weekends, but great on an off night. Good cocktails and friendly service."	0	0	0	0						
Loved the atmosphere and selections of wine: super affordable and great recommendations from bartenders: Always love to have cheese / salami plate with decadent red suggested by the bartender :-))	0	0	0	0						
"A great spot for happy hour near Atlantic Ave/Barclays Center. But I don't think I'll go back until the summer...this place was freezing! It has these big windows that probably let some drafts in, but we were sitting all the way at the end towards the kitchen and it was still way too cold in there. Still, $6 wine and $1 pigs in blanket are a great deal; I will be back when the temps are over 60!"	0	0	0	0						
Super cute with one large bar for seating. The bartender was also very friendly and attentive.The sangris is strong but good. Definitely stop by for happy hour!	0	1	0	0						
"Came here for the happy hour and the food and drink was great. It has a great intimate atmosphere with the long double sided bar and the dim overhead lighting. The happy hour drinks were 8 dollars, the cheese plate, and entrees were 10 dollars. I got the fennel salad, cheese plate, and pulled pork sliders. For drinks we ordered the secret garden and james and the giant peach. I thought the drinks were refreshing and interesting, the salad was great with a good mixture of crunch, texture, sweetness and there was a interesting selection of hard and soft cheeses. My favorite was the sofia, it reminded me of a savory brea. The pulled pork was moist, with a spicy kick after you bite down on it. I think there was a pickled relish in there, it was very good. Thinking back the highlight for me were the in house pickled cherries that came with the cheese plate. It was amazing, it totally elevated the cheese and basically made your mouth water. The cherries was initially sweet but had a surprise burn of spice at the back of your mouth. Its the first time I tried something like it. The service was nice, there was only one bartender so she was busy but overall this is a solid place to check out if you're in the barclay center area."	0	1	0	0						
"Loved their happy hour. Visited on a Thursday, so my friend and I were able to order the $1 oysters (Thursdays only). We arrived at around 5:30pm to a mostly empty bar, but by the time we left at 6:30 or so, the place was packed. The bartender was attentive and quick to refill our drink orders, so no complaints there either."	1	1	0	0						
"Once they get a full stocked bar then they will be fine. Their food is good, their staff is very accomondating."	0	0	0	0						
"The bar set-up is oddly clubby (lots of bartender cleavage...) for Park Slope but the drinks were good and not too expensive. I want to go back in the spring when the front window is raised, so I can look out at passersby. Seems like it'd be great for a date."	0	0	0	0						
Cute bark in Park Slope! Small but chic. Lovely cocktails and a giant cheese menu. Edwin the hot Mexican bartender is really chill. I go there mostly so that I can just stare at him and soak in his deliciousness. They could play better music though.	0	0	0	0						
"This spot totally reminds me of Lelabar in the west village.Same ambience, bar shape, bar size, lighting, casual attitude...dope.The wines are cheap for HH as well as the cheese/meat plates.BUT...how y'all gonna run outta blue cheese?!!! Seriously."	0	0	0	0						
"very cute and cozy wine bar. my beau and I had a couple glasses here on valentine's day before and after our dinner down the block. great romantic ambiance, would definitely go back whenever we are in the neighborhood."	1	1		1						
"The staff here must either be the grumpiest girls I've met or have the worst case of resting bitch face. The bar is in a U-shape, so you can't help but interact with the bartenders, and not once during the course of my two nights spent at this bar, did they ever ask how I was doing, how my food was, or even smile. It's like they purposely want you to feel uncomfortable sitting there. It sucks because this bar is convenient to my house, has great food and drinks, and would be the perfect place for a date or to go out with a friend. They even have oyster happy hour on thursdays, which in most cases is the way to my heart. But sitting there for even a few minutes, you feel so unwelcome, even the best date would end quickly. Major bummer."	0	1	0	0						
"Super friendly bartender. Awesome happy hour. $6 wine, $8 cocktails and the $10 choice of 3 is awesome. Can't wait to go back to try the mac & cheese."	0	1	0	0						
"I love this bar. Homey, friendly, amazing drinks ( the cucumber drinks is amazing). the food used to be better, but its still very good."	0	0	0	0						
"Wolf and Deer, brought to us by the owners of the fabulous restaurant, Miriam, is a vast improvement over Total Wine Bar. The decor is sleek with hidden door handles, metal seats, and a visually stunning u-shaped bar with upside down wine glasses suspended above it like a chandelier. Although the space is still small, Wolf and Deer makes much better use of it by eliminating the odd tables Total Wine Bar had and replacing them with three rows of seats in the front, in a style similar to that of Bar Veloce. The menus come in books selected by the owners, and the wine list is carefully edited with great choices such as the crisp and fruity Picpoul de Pinet that I first feel in love with at Brookvin. The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly. I will definitely be back when I'm in the area."	0	0	0	0						
"This small joint in Park Slope is great for an after work drink. Narrow in design, if you don't like sitting at the bar you won't like this place. We went for HH and I ended up getting am Old Fashioned. To be fair, I asked for it off the menu so it's not their specialty and it was ok. The four stars are for the meat and cheese. As a true Midwesterner, I love cheese the most. Exceptional selections and the bartender was very helpful in making selections we mixed and matched three cheeses with three meats. Great variety and great flavors. Will be back!"	0	0	0	0						
"Great neighborhood dive bar! Small, intimate, quirky (the menus are in books!) and refreshing cocktails that won't break the bank!Looking forward to coming back to having charcuterie sampling and also the sandwiches!"	0	0	0	0						
"Intimate setting, nice atmosphere, knowledgable staff"	0	0	0	0						
"Superb drinks and great food at a cozy brick walled bar. Friendly crowd, and an amazing bartender, who mixes up some of the best cocktails I've ever had. Great place for a preconcert Barclay Center drink."	0	0	0	0						
Lots of character at this cute little bar. Bar is U shaped so everyone can see what's going on. Friendly bartenders. Good drinks. Nice ambiance. The menu is printed inside books( so cute!). It can get pretty packed and rowdy on the weekends.	0	0	0	0						
"Just overall great spot. The only downside is it's space is small and there are no reservations. Nonetheless, the drinks are great as are the charcuterie and the service is good, too. I don't eat cheese, but if I did - I'm sure that'll be on point to. When you visit Brooklyn, stop by."	0	0	0	0						
"Came here for a drink during happy hour. Nothing particularly good or bad about it. It's a bit redundant for the area as there are several bars on 5th where you can get variations of classic cocktails. Personally, I found the drinks were fine, but nothing special (which is what I expect when a cocktail price hovers around $10). I've had better cocktails in the area and it seemed like whatever I had was trying a bit too hard to be unique. The menu is placed inside a book, which I think gives you a good idea of the type of place you are dealing with: if you are looking for a place that has a self-aware amount of pretense, this might be the place for you. Otherwise, it might be best to explore some of the other options in the area."	0	1	0	0						
"I love this place. Cozy, beautiful bar, interesting cocktails and an awesome happy hour. It's a great place to come for a date or for meeting a friend for a drink. They're always paying great music too."	0	0	0	0						
Great happy hour. I love that the menus are books.	0	1	0	0						
"After an unsuccessful dropoff (boo) at Beacon's Closet, we headed over for a quick happy hour to coddle our disappointment...Wolf & Deer is simple and straight-forward, with quality. Really love the clean, old-fashioned-with-a-modern-twist to the decor here, the glasses up high reflecting the light beautifully (and the glass apothecary doors are pretty sweet, too). Normally, I would feel claustrophobic in a narrow place like this, but the room still feels relaxed and airy--the open wall in the front (dogs are welcome to lounge right outside ;) and the gorgeous mirror on the left wall opened it right up. High ceilings too. Warm and friendly bartender- doesn't impose and knows the menu well. We ordered two glasses of Vermentino to start. I'm normally a red girl, but I've been lightening up to white recently. This was dry (not too dry) just like I like em, but with a super-subtle undertone of fruit. $6/glass and generous pours. He even opened a new bottle to top off my friend's second glass. Nice service.We ordered a 'mini' charcuterie of Proscuitto and two cheeses for $10. The Pleasant Ridge reserve was a KNOCKOUT (no wonder it's award-winning) and the Prosciutto had a nice little sweetness to it. The second cheese (can't remember, I think it was a soft goat's milk) was also really good, and a great counterbalance to the Pleasant Ridge (nutty and smooth, reminds me of a mellower Prima Donna). The cherries soaked in brandyandchiles were Delish and the bread points strong enough in deft and texture to withstand a variety of cheeses.Overall, a great place. I didn't think they'd put two bartenders in the same shift (since it's such a narrow bar), but by the time we paid our bill, a second came in and fit right in, no problem. I wonder how they move when they get busy.... And the Menus-in-bound-books--a favorite and memorable design element. I'll be back."	0	1	0	0						
"great cheese and meat offering, cool wine selection and a 'try this drink' mixologist at the bar. what better way to spend time with friends."	1	0	0	0						
"Best happy hour ever!!$8 cocktails, $6 wine, 3 for $10 cheese and charcuterie EVERY DAY from 5pm-8pm. Can it get better than that? The cocktails are expertly crafted, better than some of the hyped up speakeasies I've been to *cough*milk&honey*cough. I loved my drink, the Secret Garden, a refreshing concoction perfect for a muggy summer evening. My boyfriend's James and the Giant Peach was peachy, minty, and deliciously strong! Def take advantage of their bargain cheese and charcuterie. Don't skip the duck breast or Quadrello! The highly reviewed Kunik cheese was sold out for the evening so I'll be back to try that. Wolf and Deer is an excellent place to go with one or two good friends to have a low key drink and share a few bites."	1	1	0	0						
Awkward set up of the bar. Drinks were ok. Food was not so great- but then again I can't eat cheese.	0	0	0	0						
"MTO Sangrias. Yes that's right. MTO Sangrias. While some may not believe in this philosophy because the fruit doesn't absorb the alcohol, blah,blah. I don't know about that, but I do know that my liver absorbed the alcohol. I had such a lovely night here. There was a group of about 15 of us that basically took over the bar and no one seemed to be bothered by it. We came, we saw, and conquered happy hour and as all intelligent folks who are having a good time do, we stayed for much longer. The drinks are a tad bit expensive when it's not happy hour, but they are truly worth it. Did I mention MTO Sangrias?The interior is beautiful and after a few drinks you may get a lil' confused locating the gorgeous bathroom, but once you do you'll be fine."	0	1	0	0						
"Cute little spot, very date friendly. Nice wine selection, good cocktails."	0	0	0	1						
"I really enjoyed this bar. I loved that in addition to the big U shaped bar, there were a few other seating areas that weren't directly attached to the bar, including a few seats that look out of the front window.The bartenders were very upbeat and helpful. They were helpful on recommending certain wines and were extremely knowledgeable on the cheese and charcuterie. I did like the menu books-- its cute that they add the menu to the front of different books. It added a special touch to this already cool, low key, not too hipsterish bar. I went on a first date here and I thought it was a perfect place. We went around 8pm on a Tuesday and it wasn't too crowded. Just perfect!"	0	1	0	1						
"Terrific little space where seating is exclusively at a bar that wraps around the preparation area in a long U-shape, creating an appropriately intimate interaction with the bartenders. The original cocktail list is about a page long and looks like it's constantly changing. I find it hard to resist any drink that has egg whites, so naturally I gravitated to the Partridge in a Pear Tree, a gin n pear number. My friend got the James and the Giant Peach which was also excellent, even for someone who's not a huge whiskey fan. We were in a hurry so couldn't order food but the food menu looked and smelled scrumptious and at one point we caught a strong waft of bacon. It was dark but not too crowded or loud on a Thursday night. Will definitely be coming back, maybe with a date."	1	1	0	0						
"The husband doesn't do ""wine and cheese"" so I went with some girlfriends and we stayed for...7 HOURS. That's how awesomely chill this place is!Great specials and a nice selection of wines; Menu had some great bites on there (we let the Bartender pick out our cheeses so I can't say which was which but 4/5 were DELICIOUS). We also had the Grilled Cheese with Truffle Oil (ahmazing! and came with a tasty lightly dressed arugula salad side -- perfect to share with a friend). Bartender picked our cheese selectionsThe Basque Salami went so well with the cheeses and my Rose wine; The Slab of Bacon was a good size and very fatty/juicy Overall a very chill atmosphere - never felt rushed and never felt overcrowded although it got fairly packed for a wednesday night...Tiny seats so if your tushy is a bit oversized, might not be the place for you ;)"	1	1	0	0						
Great cocktails and great vibe all around. Liz was the our bartender and was attentive & quick. Had the shrimp cocktail and a cheese plate. So delish!	0	0	0	0						
Cozy hip bar with a great happy hour deal that goes until 8pm everyday! I look the book menus and the names of the drinks. The Secret Garden is my favorite drink. Nice place to grab a drink before dinner.	0	1	0	0						
"Nice wine bar near Barclays Center.Great happy hour deals, especially with their $8 cocktails.We had 4 here while waiting for the Jay-Z/Coldplay NYE concert. Forget what they're called (Only remembered the James and the Giant Peach and some cucumber one), but hey if we had half of what they sell in terms of cocktails and liked them, the chances of you liking something there is in your favor.The only unfortunate thing is that we ordered the mac and cheese and it took too long to come out. It came out a few minutes after we had to cancel the dish as we were running behind schedule for the concert waiting for the dish. It looked yummy, but we shall try it next time once we are back in the area and have time to kill."	0	1	0	0						
Great drinks. Cool crowd. Definitely stop here before heading back to wherever after an event at Barclays	0	0	0	0						
"This is a place to take THA LADIEZ.Seriously though, this is such a nice place. Quiet, courteous, and meticulous bartenders (the best kind). A seriously great happy hour (their pricey but awesome cocktails get slashed to 8 bucks, cheap drafts and wines, and happy hour snack deals). That cucumber cocktail they do is one of my all time favorites. The wine list is great too. I just can't say enough nice things about this place--I had such a nice time here. Impress women, or your parents, and bring them here for some late afternoon libations."	0	1	0	0						
"Just dropping by the neighborhood, somehow we end up there because of the Happy hour sign.  Very small and tiny place which is OK. However, only two bartenders and very limited service. You just have to walk up there. The price for regular wine is a little over price because I can see the bottle do not cause more than $15, but they charge $6 per charge. So, 50% of benefits easy.  The HH foods was OK. The decor is simple and nothing special about it. It's a place for business. I didn't catch the female bartenders name, but she need to smile and be more friendly to non-local customer. Bring in the smile and you can get more tips. U know."	0	1	0	0						
Only like $8 cocktails during happy hour. I really like the barnyard dance. Place is quiet and has nice mood lighting for dates. Good place to come catch up with someone.	0	1	0	0						
"I think it's really about time I wrote a review for this place...considering I practically live here.This is a great little spot for various occasions: quiet chats with friends, flirting across the narrow bar with other patrons (hopefully for your sake they're flirting back!), sipping on a glass of wine or cocktail after a long day of work to just wind down, small intimate _________ (insert type of party) parties.Their cheese/meats selection is pretty solid. I highly recommend this combo: Saucisson (spicy meat), Finochionna (peppery meat), Kunik (soft creamy cheese).The drinks are good. They have a few staples like James & The Giant Peach but rotate some of the other drinks when they're bored or during a change of season. I, personally, am looking forward to their warm rum cider this winter. It's so damn good.The bartenders are very friendly and know what they're doing. I wouldn't necessarily call them mixologists but the bar has a slight mixology feel to it due to their cocktails.The ambiance is what really does it for me. It's very chic in a Brooklyn kind of way. I don't know if that really makes sense. The other co-owner of the bar works with iron and essentially built the bar (including the amazing wine-glass rack that hangs from the ceiling that wraps around the bar). Exposed brick, polished iron, fancy cocktails, happy hour wines, friendly staff, food served till 2am, watching new patrons try to figure out where the bathroom is, cute girls? Wolf & Deer, I'm all yours."	1	0	0	0						
"Charcuterie is one of my favorite things to have for date night with my gf, and Wolf and Deer is one of the best I've had. As much as I love cheese it's usually second to meats, but the cheeses here were incredible. I'd recommend the Idiazabal, a smoky Basque cheese, or the Pecorino Ginepro, made with juniper infused balsamic vinegar. The meats were also top notch-- American prosciutto, applewood smoked duck breast, and salami from Utah to name a few. Also shared a mac and cheese app, and each had a delicious glass of red wine. The interior is great, with a unique horseshoe-shaped bar filling the space, around which diners and drinkers congregate. Looking forward to my next visit."	1	1	0	1						
"I loved this cute little wine bar in park slope. I came in on the reocommendation of a friend who lives in the neighborhood. I was with my boyfriend who commented that it didn't have personality. I couldn't have disagreed more! It hought it was cute and charming. THe bar is a circle in the middle of the room. The choice seats are definitely around the bar. It's great for people watching, plus it's fun watching the bartender make all the drinks in the center.(I think maybe the bf said that because the decor is minimalist? Not sure, but he changed his mind soon enough.)The menu is brought to you in a book. It's an oldschool hard back book, and the menu is listed in the first few pages before the book actually starts. LOVE. LOVE LOVE. The happy hour is phenomenal. $6 glasses of wine, $4 beers. Both the beer and wine selection is solid. We were both pleased with our choices of beverages. But the best part is the 3 cheese/meat plate for $10. Firstly, typically the meat options are all some variation of pork. I don't eat pork (for the most part.) But this place had a duck option. So we got two cheeses and the duck. The duck is quite possibly the best duck i have ever had. Yeah. I said that. It was unbelievably tender and not greasy the way duck can sometimes tend to be. Both cheeses were great. We had one hard and one soft. Can't remember the names, but based on the bartender's recommendation. Speaking of, he was quite the charming gentleman - very friendly and his recommendations were spot on.Thanks Mike Walters, for introducing me to this place."	1	0	0	0						
"So disappointed.Layout is a disaster,As is crowd/vodka"	0	0	0	0						
"A friend and I spent a lovely afternoon here on a cold Saturday. Drinks were fantastic, and the meats and cheeses weren't shabby either."	1	1	0	0						
"Wine bars are trending now with the opening of Terroir down the block and that sits fine with me. While I've stopped drinking socially for the most part and getting plastered for the latter part, I do enjoy an intimate wine bar for a laid back night. I don't do clubs, waiting in line and freezing my butt of in a bandage dress with stilettos any more. Not that I ever did. I may have attempted it, but I'm mostly a dinner party homebody, animal loving book worm most of the time. It's painful to my soul to see prostitutes, I mean respectable educated women so scantily dressed on the city streets. Call me old fashioned. This place is warm and cozy with a nice selection of wine bound in old, odd book covers. Quirky. And I like it."	0	1	0	0						
Love Love the drinks and food at wolf and deer. Drinks are strong and the bartenders are awesome. The food is worth it as the owner also has a restaurant nearby. This place makes the best Old-Fashioned I have ever tasted. Their drinks are really on point!	0	0	0	0						
"Went for a drink and meet up with a friend. It's a cute place, small. Has snacks and cheese plates but decided not to eat. The bartender was rude and it wasn't crowded at all, she chose to not acknowledge our presence. But I didn't care as long as she could make a drink... but sadly the drinks she made us were horrible. Wish I went to weather up instead. So we left disappointed. Sorry will not be stopping by here again."	1	0	0	0						
"I've been frequenting this wine bar for the past couple of months and I have yet to be disappointed. The service is impeccable and both the drink and food menu are amazing. Coupled with the fact that their Happy Hour is one of the best I've experienced. Who can beat $4 drafts, $6 wine, and $8 cocktails for 3 hours? I initially came here because it was close by, but immediately became a fan because they offer the Left Hand Milk Stout. Now if you're a fan of Guinness, this absolutely blows it out of the water, in my opinion. It's the perfect blend of smooth chocolate/coffee flavours, great for winding down after a long day's work.Their happy hour also offers $10 cheese or charcuterie plates, with 3 choices to a set and many selections available. If this isn't your thing, no need to fret. Their bites and sandwich menu is nothing to sneeze at.I'd recommend their deviled eggs as a bite, but make sure you're a fan of garlic. It's definitely worth it.As for sandwiches, I would recommend their pulled pork, which unfortunately is only seasonal and is in fact going to come off the menu by the end of this weekend, so don't miss out! If you can't make it out in time, plan B I would recommend the grilled cheese with truffle oil. All their sandwiches are served with a kale and apple salad with a light vinaigrette and kettle cooked chips.The best times to come are definitely Thursday and Friday nights. Thursday has $1 raw oysters and Friday nights are always bustling, especially if the Barclay's Center has something going on. If you're in the area, Wolf and Deer is definitely not a place to be missed."	0	1	0	0						
"I love this place. The drinks are always on point and the bartenders are awesome! It's one of those places I don't mind going to alone. The atmosphere is dark, relaxed and cozy. The food is great too and they chef it up all the way until close. Attracts a chill crowd, never anyone too obnoxious... hopefully that doesn't change. My favorite local bar :)"	0	0	0	0						
"So pretty, so relaxing and chill, might just stay a while.Get a drink at the circular bar and surround yourself in books, wine glasses, and other patrons. Definitely not a place to get rowdy with a bunch of friends, but the perfect place to go with a date or a friend or two to catch up. Happy Hour daily ($6-8 depending on wine or cocktails) and charcuterie/ snack items, so go!"	0	1	0	1						
"Kunik cheese = da bomb diggity We came here for happy hour and I really dug the intimate, friendly vibe. In my opinion the non-happy hour prices are a bit steep since the quantities aren't huge. But it's the perfect spot to just stop in for a few hours for an after-work treat."	0	1	0	0						
"4.5 starsAll around just awesome wine bar. It's a small, cool space and love the vibe. Decent selection of wine/beer/cocktails, and they have some bites, too. Good date place or to catch up with a friend."	0	0	0	1						
"I love this place! Staff are amazing, friendly , knowledgable. They do a selection of seasonal cocktails plus any regular bar drink. I'm not gonna lie, it'll be busy Saturday night but folks do there best to make sure everyone is served quickly, give it a look if you're in the area"	0	1	0	0						
Happy hour deals are amazing. I got high end delicious cocktails for $8 and then you get to a cheese or meat plate for $10 (get to choose 3 things per plate). My friend and I split a meat plate and a cheese plate which was plenty. Definitely going back.	1	0	0	0						
"I recently was here because of a lovely lesbian wedding that booked the place for their reception. That said I think it is unfair of me to fully judge this place as I was not here during normal hours of service. What I can say is that Frank the bartender is a hot piece (yes, I just said ""Hot piece"") and worth going to Wolf & Deer just to chat him up and have him service you all evening long!!! The decor is also really cute and albeit a very small venue I could imagine good times being had here if I were a resident of Park Slope. Oh! I don't know what they did to the Bellini I was drinking all afternoon but it was definitely be of the most delicious things to ever grace my lips! Hopefully I'll have a chance to go back, visit Frank, and give y'all the full 411 on what I expect is a delightful gem in Park Slope!Deliciously Living,Michael"	0	0	0	1						
"I went to Wolf & Deer last night for my birthday, and it was the best possible birthday ""dinner"" I could have. Of course, they mostly do charcuterie, but it's really great charcuterie. About 10 or 12 cheeses to choose from, and about 7 meats to choose from. Great happy hour deals and times, charming atmosphere, cute (and delicious) literary-themed cocktails. 10/10 would recommend. Will definitely be returning."	0	1	0	1						
"Ok drinks - horrible service .. Came early for happy hour (6pm) a not busy cold Thursday night, 2 girls behind the bar very slow! Ordered 2 cocktails got 1 then the other 7m after. Not even a smile!! Ordered 2nd round ; 1 being a glass of wine and deviled eggs. I ask the girl how much longer for the boiled eggs (waited over 20m) she's like ""I put the order in.. "" as I asked for the check the girl brought it to me (was done w my glass of wine) and told me the eggs are on the way and charged me for something I was not gonna eat. I had to point it out to her. Then she removed it from my check. Hipster spot for people who don't care for any kind of service! Bill for 4 drinks $40 & Bad service!!! Priced less!!! Will not recommend this place ever!!! Or return for that matter ... Bring me to a good coaktail bar in nyc any day then here :((( yelp you failed me !!! NO THANK. Can I leave a ---star ? 0 x 3 star."	0	1	0	0						
"I don't know why it took me 6 months to come here. Wolf & Deer is adorable, the bartenders are incredibly sweet, the atmosphere is awesome, and everything about it is almost pitch perfect. The happy hour deals for their signature cocktails make it even better.If the pear/egg white cocktail is still on the menu, give it a taste run. Will be back many, many times. A welcome addition to the Northern part of the Slope."	0	1	0	0						
"Gotta love the dollar oyster deal on Thursday and pretty decent happy hour. If you are looking for a place to drink, have some snack...you need to check out wolf and deer. The bartenders were low key and awesome. Nice place to have some drinks, enjoy the snacks and chill out."	0	1	0	0						
"The narrow space summons for wine bars to lower anchor at this 5th Ave. Park Slope post.I would vastly prefer to stay in Brooklyn for wine bars, but with other wine experiences in different cities, this wine-stead is less than Top Ramen.I can usually be assuaged by a nice decor and ambiance, but nothing jived for this time."	0	0	0	0						
"Cute place, nice atmosphere. Sadly, the female bartender working last night (11/9) was the least attentive bartender I've had in a long time. She had no interest in taking our drink or food order whatsoever. Boo hiss."	0	1	0	0						
"Actually 3.5, and maybe it would be a 4 if I could visit on a busy night. I came here on a date on a Sunday night. Was not crowded at all, but then again it was a Sunday. The space was cozy and dimly lit. Nice U-shaped bar. The bartender was attentive and skilled. Had two amazing cocktails. Their menus are in old hardcover books. Nice touch. Had some D'Angelo playing... perhaps the bartender knew we were on a date. Would come back."	1	1	0	1						
"Wolf and Deer named after the owners' young sons took over the ""Total Wine Bar"" location and opened up just a couple days ago. We came in tonight (day 3) to grab a drink and check the place out. The decor is very industrial but in an interesting way, lots of metal, rough edges, interesting use of wood like the gnarled handles for the beer taps. They have a huge U-shaped bar from where the bar tenders serve up drinks. Menus are embedded in books selected by owners, kind of a quirky/cool touch.The list of wines by the glass are not extensive. They do have a lot of wines by the bottle but at quick glance many are in a more than average price range. We got 2 glasses of nero d'avola and one Spanish wine. We also got an order of 3 cheeses which came out with some spiced dried berries and sliced baguette, (one of many items on their menu). The service was friendly but slightly awkward with the bar tenders still figuring out where things were stored and what was on their menu. The other thing that was really distracting/slightly disturbing was there were tiny fruit flies zooming around which only got worse when our wines came. The music was also on but was random.I'm not sure if was the flies, the music or the staccato in the service but this place didn't strike me as having the fluid vibe you want in wine/cocktail bar. I feel bad because again, it's always nice to have new places in the neighborhood but I really do think that regardless of whether it's opening day or 2 years in, you need to work hard to make people feel welcome, make sure everyone's prepared and get the mood right.I'm not sure if I'd go back, maybe if they figure out their rhythm."	0	1	0	0						
"I gotta say, I love this place! Its a cozy little place that offers great service, great cocktails, and beautiful design. The cocktails are between $8-$12 and are worth it. Delicious and refreshing.Im a fan."	0	0	0	0						
"Very cool and romantic little wine bar on the upper end of 5th Ave. Stopped in here over the weekend for pre-dinner cocktails and was not disappointed. My wife had the cucumber and St. Germain drink, while I had the spice-infused tequila drink. Don't remember the names of either, but both were delicious. They have a nice selection of wines by the glass, as well as some small plates to choose from. Overall, great vibe, very relaxed and sexy. We definitely plan to go back!"	1	1	0	0						
"Great spot for wine and some happy hour bites. Weekday happy hour is until 8pm, so hard to not get there in time for a glass of wine ($6) and a 3 cheese sampler plate ($12). Asked the bartender to recommend the cheeses and all were delicious. Great vibe -- simple and cute -- and definitely worth a visit. I will be back for sure."	0	1	0	0						
"I really fell in love with this bar. I love love the books as the menu! the bar is pretty small. the bar area in the middle takes up most of the space. their menu is filled with delicious ""speakeasy-type"" cocktails and they also serve some food. I never get food here though because I am obsessed with their pickles!!! they are sooooooo mouthwatering omg! they give it in a mason jar type thing, they are crunchy, tangy and spicy. perfection! they have a decent happy hour here during the week too. their drinks are super good. james and the giant peach is a winner!!! this is definitely a great Brooklyn spot!"	0	1	0	0						
"I was so happy to discover this place!!Not sure how I missed it until now! It is Iocated on 5th Avenue and St. Marks Place, really close to the Atlantic terminal. First of all, I was really impressed by its beautiful circular bar. And their policy to have happy hour every night until 8:15, which includes 2 red wine options, 2 white wine options, any any cocktails. Who does happy hour on the weekends???  Wine is $6.00 and let me tell you, it's a big pour! Mixed drinks are $8.00--not too shabby!!! The cheese plate was very good. And---get this...the bartender gave us a plastic discount card for an extra 20% off everything!! I am SOLD!! Check this cute place out when you can!!!"	0	1	0	0						
"Great happy hour. Highly recommend the Secret Garden. The bartender was busy, so the drinks took a few minutes to get to us, but they also tasted like they were made to order, not just tossed in a shaker and thrown over some ice."	0	1	0	0						
"The bartender, Liz, was spectacular!!! I wish all bars had staff like her! I had several delicious drinks and was pleasantly surprised. Cheers!!!"	0	0	0	0						
"I really need to start finding more excuses to go here. My first visit was this summer - had a peach cocktail that was fantastic. My friend's drink, while not something I'd get, was delicious to her. We also each had a couple glasses of wine - they have a great wine selection in addition to their creative cocktails. Bonus points for the menus being inside old hardcover books.That night we got to enjoy their oysters, then split a meat & cheese plate. Everything was so good. What stuck out in my mind the most was the duck prosciutto - mmmmm. Only been back once since, and wasn't able to stay long enough for more that a glass of wine. Not cool. Overall I'd recommend checking them out anytime you need a great little spot. It's also in really convenient location - right near the Barclays Center - easy enough for anyone in Bk, and a quick trip back to Manhattan for your friends who always hesitate to go anywhere across the East River."	0	1	1	0						
"Let's cut to the chase. Let's call Wolf and Deer what it is -- a place named (erroneously) after the proprietors' offspring. Now...hear me out...I may have made that part about the name of the place up, and if so, I apologize. I'm not very smart. What I DO know is that Wolf and Deer is ALSO a lovely place for small plates, fantastic cocktails, great wine selection (from which we have yet to partake in our two visits), and perfect customer service -- with an emphasis on ""perfect."" We've been here twice during peak-ish times, and felt like welcome guests to this cozy space each time. I hope word doesn't get out too much about how great WD is, but I wish them great success...so I can keep coming back for the meat and cheese plates, pickles, and delicious libations. Next stop is their sandwiches, which also look ridiculously good."	0	0	0	0						
 										
"We arrived on Saturday during brunch at around 1:30 without a reservation and the place was packed. We were told it would be about 1.5 hours and left to spend it at the New Museum around the corner (meh). The meal at Freemans was a good experience.  It's located at the end of a neat little back alley, the atmosphere was pretty relaxed, the decor is cool if you are down with taxidermy, and the food was on point. We started with the artichoke dip which is a must try and I had a burger which was cooked perfectly but probably wasn't worth $14. Downside is that it is too crowded for it's own good and the waitress asked us to scoot our chairs in more than once, even though the laws of physics were preventing that from happening. Less of a crowd would have bumped this review up a star."	0	1	0	0						
"The food was decent, but not worth the wait. On a Sunday brunch, we waited 2 hours for a table. We wouldn't have waited so long, but the hostess kept telling us we were about to be seated, and going somewhere else means waiting somewhere else."	0	1	0	0						
Two words - artichoke dip! This is a must-have at Freemans. Tried getting there fairly early (for NY) for dinner on a Friday night - 7 p.m. Alas they don't take reservations for a party of two so we had to wait at the bar. Normally I wouldn't be willing to wait for over an hour for a table...but luckily there was a second bar in the back that had a couple stools available and the time flew by! We were having so much fun at the bar we ended up having dinner there. Freemans gets ridiculously crowded - so if you have probelms with being in too close proximity to people take your meds before you go. Well worth it!	0	1	0	0						
"great spot really cool inside. However, it is not the worth wait i dont believe in waiting 45 min for brunch and then having an alright meal service was a bit slow too but they were packed"	0	1	0	0						
"Liked the location - never even knew there was a street called Freemans Alley. Casual yet refined vibe, although it seems to attract many well groomed hipsters. Now onto the food; the artichoke dip is quite good, the devils are decent (I'd give the nod to Spotted Pig), and their entrees are generally well executed yet simple dishes. I'd actually recommend the fish and chicken over the filet mignon. The other dishes, while very simple, were very well prepared and very unfussed with - just like refined home cooking. The desserts were enjoyable if forgettable but the wine list was well thought out, though on the pricey side. I'd go back, but would not stand in the line I saw as I left the restaurant...."	0	0	0	0						
"I took my date here and safe to say, sparks flew. The food was great, the place is amazing, and the service was charming. The artichokes dip is superb. My only problem, Long wait!"	1	0	0	0						
Great decor great vibe but service kind of sucks though. Waitress hardly even check on us to see if we need anything. Food tastes good.	0	0	0	0						
"I rarely give 5 stars, but here it is.5/5 for decor. I'm a huge sucker for interior design, and this place really nailed it. It's hidden in an alleyway and has absolutely gorgeous insides. It's kind of a woodsy / hipster-esque brunch place that gives off a hip pub vibe. The bathrooms are decorated by overflowing succulents too!5/5 for food. The hot artichoke dip that the 6 of us shared was so delicious. I do suggest getting 2 orders of that if you have a bigger party though. It was definitely a great way to start off the meal. I got the egg white crepe as I was going for something lighter, more refreshing, and healthy - and that's exactly what I got. Disclaimer: if you're starving, probably not the dish for you.5/5 for service. The waitress was patient with us when we didn't know what order, refilled our water multiple times, and suggested great beers. Probably, tops my list of favorite brunch places in New York."	0	0	0	0						
"Came for brunch on saturday, and for dinner a few months ago, the food was good. However when we came for dinner we sat at the bar and the service was fine, a little slow but alright. This weekend the waiter seemed to have an attitude. The people sitting next to us agreeed. I ordered an ice coffee and he took a good twenty min to bring it to the table, than when I asked for milk, he basically snapped at me. As cool as the atmosphere of this place is, the food is only okay and not worth the rude service."	0	1	0	0						
"First- let me say the decor of this restaurant is outstanding. It's cool, rustic, and tucked away in a little alley. Unfortunately, it's downhill from there...small portions, high prices, and food removed from the table while you're still eating. The tiny pour on a $15 glass of Merlot is an insult!"	0	0	0	0						
"I divided to come here for brunch, I'd seen articles suggested a visit. I went on a Friday after seeing they have an all day breakfast option. I ordered the carrot cake pancakes. They were pretty good. I also was very hungry by the time the food arrived that I forgot to take a picture. I also ordered a side of bacon which was also mighty tasty."	0	1	0	0						
"Tucked away on Chrystie St this quaint brunch spot is an excellent local find in NYC. Everything from the location to the decor to the food itself is inspired. The taxidermy and flowers are adorable. We visited for brunch, the food was delicious and the cocktails are delightfully blended. I had the open faced egg white omelette which was cooked beautifully and my friend had the bacon and eggs, which is a generous portion. I'll definitely be back."	1	1	0	0						
"Hate to give this place only 3 stars with such a cute and cozy atmosphere, but honestly their food is just OK. Came here for brunch twice and ate pretty average food both times. Ordered the breakfast egg sandwich and the scrambled eggs. Came with a big group of 10 the second time and the service was very poor. Probably owe this place a try for dinner as I've heard their artichoke dip is delicious! Fun place to sit and explore as it's huge and has a great atmosphere."	0	1	0	0						
"This cute little restaurant hidden behind a long alleyway is the perfect spot to hang out with friend for lunch or after work. The two bars offer great house cocktails, and the walls are clustered with interesting objects to stare at while you wait for your order. Great light snack options like calamari with spicy ketchup or devils on horseback. But if you want an entre, try the baked chicken with yogurt sauce. It is one of the most tender pieces of meat you'll ever have. It has a perfect garlic crust and a well balanced yogurt sauce. The sausage platter was also very tasty, but I loved the chicken so much, I did not even want to share any with my fiance!"	1	1	0	0						
"Love Freeman's! The host was awesome, the waiter, bartender..everyone! Drinks and food are great! The decor and ambience were amazing. It made a perfect place for a perfect date night"	0	1	0	1						
"Tiny waiting area and it was soooo packed on a cold winter Saturday night. Should put a heat lamp outside for the ppl who couldn't squeeze inside. Three friends bday dinner celebration so we had 11 ppl in the private room. They had provided a nice customized set menu card wishing happy birthday to the three ppl with date. Nice touch! The room is not huge and is the wine cellar for the restaurant. But it was nice to have a private dining area... We had only 2.5 hrs in the room though since there was another reservation at 9. Food was pretty good. The apps and desserts were family style. Our appetizers were triple cheese toasts, and artichoke dip. I loved the artichoke dip! Cheesy creamy and full of tender artichoke pieces. For the main entree, we had a choice of a whole fish, chicken or filet mignon. I got the trout. It was boneless and charred on the outside but after u open it, u can find three lemon slices and rosemary sprigs. It was simple, juicy, and light which was great especially after the heavy apps. Though I did find a few bones and the charred skin was a bit too bitter and parts of the fish was a bit dry. Desserts came next and we had 3: toffee cake (my fave!), chocolate brownie with ice cream and apple crisp. Wished my Cappuccino had came around the same time as desserts bc they were quite sweet but would have been perfect with coffee. With wine and paying for the birthday folks, it was $105 per person."	1	1	0	1						
"I understand that this is the artsiest, trendiest place to get breakfast in all of lower manhattan. However, the wait is always entirely too long. The food is excellent and very unique and they have original recipes. I feel that everything I have had here before is too heavy. Also I get this sort of pretentious vibe from this place. Like if you are not extremely artistic, you may not fit in to the whole vibe they have going on over here. It's this faux-friendly die your hair purple and fingerpaint while saving the world sort of crowd. Also it takes a little long to get the food items and I usually feel forgotten by the servers over here. I actually don't plan on returning here due to the heavy food items but I support local businesses that help give nyc its variety and character, including this one"	0	1	0	0						
"Blink and you'll miss Freemans Restaurant hidden, literally, in an alley in the Lower East Side. Inside is an antique vibe with paintings and ornaments all over. My friend and I came for a Sunday brunch. Once we entered, we realized the place is actually HUGE. Tables upon tables, left and right. Still, we had about a 15 minute wait. We waited at the bar and were seated a few minutes later.I had a Bloody Mary which was perfectly potent. My friend and I shared Poached Eggs with Roasted Tomato, cheddar cheese grits, & buttered toast and the Skillet Eggs, Bacon, Spinach and Gruyre buttered sourdough toast. The poached eggs dish definitely had an interesting flavor (kind of like mac and cheese). The skillet eggs were out of this world. I was in heaven at every bite.We ended with the Bananas Foster with Rum Butterscotch Sauce. At first glance, the dessert was extremely soupy. Upon tasting, the dessert was extremely AMAZING."	1	1	0	0						
"Cute and affordable brunch place in an alley way. Decor inside is very rustic and cozy. On weekends, definitely expect the place to be a on the tight side and rubbing elbows with people. They take no reservation unless you're a group of 6+. My friends and I had a reservation for 8, and luckily they gave us the private room for our group which was FANTASTIC. Super cute room that is tucked away from the rest of the crowd, letting you have a more intimate brunch with your friends without the noise and cramped space.I had the skillet eggs ($13) which was not bad. Don't be fooled by the size, you WILL be full. Everyone at the table who had skillet eggs (including me) were the last people struggling to finish eating, while everyone else who ordered other things finished significantly earlier... There's definitely at least 3 eggs used in this dish (I could tell by the yolks in the skillet), along with grits, bacon, cheese, and spinach. If you don't like the yolk being cooked as a whole, make sure to mix the dish right away before the yolk fully cooks once the server places it down. Otherwise you can leave it as is. The dish was hearty and not bad, but I wish it had a little more zing to it in some way? I had to add hot sauce to fit my palette better.The thing I really liked was the artichoke dip + bread appetizer ($14) which our table shared two servings of. SO DELISH and satisfying. I think if I come here again, I might just order this as my brunch and eat it all myself... Also they will give you more bread with no extra charge if you need more with your dip.Lastly the service here is also very nice. The girl gave everyone at the table drink recommendations for those who asked, was very conversational, and refilled our drinks pretty promptly. Would not mind coming here again!"	1	1	0	0						
"Awesome place to get brunch! My friend and I craved for blueberry pancakes around Houston and we were glad to find this place. Love their cute, hidden, alley-esque location :)"	1	1	0	0						
"Put our name in for two for Saturday brunch with a 45 minute wait. But on the way to the WC we found the bar and were able to sit and eat immediately...though it would have been worth the wait. We had the poached eggs & grits, delicious, rich & filling. And the egg skillet was perfect and also delicious. We'd been touring the street art in the area and were chilled to the core on arrival and ordered a hot toddy...it was the best fresh made and most satisfying I've had in a long time. The hunting lodge decor reminded me of old Wyoming."	0	1	0	0						
"Finally made it here for a friends birthday and I loved it! Kind of Pricey - yes. But I would pay for the overall experience. I tried their breakfast skillet dish which was really good and the ambiance was great. It was a group of about 10 (or so) of us and the service was great, quick and efficient. Great place for brunch or even dinner."	1	1	0	1						
"What can I say that hasn't been said already. You have to wait for it, and you certainly have to pay for it, but its completely worth it. And the clientele is a steady 7 and up."	0	0	0	0						
"I am a regular at this place, can not rate t high enough. The only downfall is the minimum 45min wait at any day of the week. Love everything on the menu - especially the grapefruit margarita and the flash fried oysters!"	0	0	0	0						
Really really liked the grapefruit. It was super juicy! The steel cut oats were a little boring tho. didn't taste like much. Hubby got the Moroccan scramble and said it was ok. Good service and nice atmosphere.	1	0	0	0						
The food and brunch service were fantastic. Enjoyed and shared amongst two other light eaters the ricotta pancakes as well as the Big Breakkie. Definitely a great place to showcase Greenpoint's vibe.	0	1	0	0						
"I am going to ignore the crazy long waiting line and impatient waiters in the rating because the pancakes here were SO good, and those are what I had come here for. I had ricotta pancakes with fresh fruit, honeycomb butter and maple syrup on top -- oh my word. This is definitely on my list of favorite brunch spots."	1	1	0	0						
"Delicious, charming little place. Fabulous menu items, cocktails etc.As all have noted, Truffle Fries are supreme. Five Leaves Burger with grilled pineapple, fried egg and roasted beet was a little challenging to fit into my mouth but tasted divine. Brussels sprouts with watercress not to be skipped, fabulous tangy and anchovy-ey kale salad. And how could we say no to sticky date pudding with vanilla bean ice-cream and a pot-au-creme: milk chocolate with pistachio and sea salt.Must go back."	0	0	0	0						
"The food here is AMAZING. That being said - it is basically the most popular spot in the area right now so you will have to wait. Anytime you go.Also, dress your best? I guess? Be prepared for tons, and tons, and TONS of hipsters. And possibly a Penn Bagdley sighting."	0	0	0	0						
"Solely based on the fact that I ordered the ricotta pancakes and they were pretty much the best pancakes I've ever had in my life, I'm giving this place 4 stars.I came here with my partner on my birthday last week (Thursday, mid-morning, and it was pretty packed.) Our wait staff person was pleasant when she was talking to us and took our orders, though she never came over during the course of the meal to check on us. I also had a latte, which I have no complaints about. I'd been here once before for dinner and found that menu to be a little less appetizing. I wish there were more Main vegetarian options for dinner.Aside from our server, there is a definite snooty hipster vibe to this place. Upon arriving, I definitely felt a slight vibe that I wasn't cool enough to be a customer, but whatever. I love pancakes, and every once in a while I wear BOOT CUT jeans (for shame!) and neither of those facts are changing.Enjoy!"	1	1	0	1						
"Rather than deal with crowded, noisy restaurants on Valentine's Day, my husband and I decided to do takeout from a nice place and decided on Five Leaves after perusing the menu. What a fortuitous choice! The food was all amazing, which is particularly impressive since it didn't get eaten for almost 30 minutes after it was made. The Wild Boar small plate was definitely the winner of the night - tender, well-seasoned meat on a bed of herby polenta. The truffle fries were also a treat! They were incredibly nice to us, despite the fact that they were slammed with dine-in customers. Can't wait to go back for brunch some time!"	1	1	0	1						
"I had a great lamb dinner here, the coffee is fantastic. They serve stumptown coffee. Also had a decent beer called six points, not amazing tho. Very cute restaurant. I had meant to check this place out due to a website I found with 20 best places to eat in Brooklyn but accidentally ended up here anyway."	0	1	0	0						
"Quality joint. Place was crowded and there really isn't anywhere to wait but the hostess managed to seat us much faster than she originally said. Food was delicious --we shared the delicious kale salad and then I had a wonderful stuffed squid special and the fries. I wish it were a little roomier but that is my only complaint, and in nice weather the outdoor tables take some of the spillover. Last time I was there ate at the sweet romantic banquette in the back. I'd come more often if I lived closer by."	0	0	0	0						
"absolutely fantastic restaurant, definitely one of my favorites and go to spots when I lived in NYC. I would reccomend this place for brunch, the pancakes of course are worth a trip. the eggs and other dishes are always cooked to perfection as well of course. I stopped here as my last meal in NYC before I moved to LA and got the burger, truffle fries, and brussels sprouts as well as a couple drinks and all of it was fantastic and I dream of it ofter."	0	1	0	0						
"Yummm. I'm not easily impressed when it comes to brunch, but Five Leaves is outstanding. Their ricotta pancakes are thick and fluffy, but don't let the density dissuade you! They're very light to eat and after one bite, you really can't stop.The big brekkie was fantastic as well - had it with bacon, overeasy eggs, and avocado. The avocado was a bit firmer than I'd like, but the bacon was very crispy. I didn't have to wait at all, but I came here on a weekday morning."	0	1	0	0						
"While the food was delicious the service left a lot to be desired. After watching the people next to us get (who were seated after us) get served first, recieve and finish their food, we waited awhile longer. We watched others who ordered the same food recieve theirs before us as well. The people next to us started to ask why we hadn't gotten our food and when we finally asked the host he condescendingly told us it was because they had ordered scrambled eggs and we had a burger and that takes about 20 minutes. This was the reason we initially waited to say anything but after 30+ minutes of waiting that seemed excessive. If it was just us who were concerned that would be one thing but others around us also that the explanation and wait left alot to be desired. Maybe we just had bad luck."	0	0	0	0						
"One of my best friends had suggested this spot in Brooklyn so I decided to check it out, with a college friend of mine. I saw how popular the place was when I got there when I walked inside the restaurant it was very loud and hot. Luckily, we got a table outside, but had to wait about 20-30 minutes as there were 4 groups in front of us. I really liked the rustic feel to the restaurant. After we were seated, we were given a menu and water. Both my friend and I ordered the peach Bellini and she ordered the ricotta pancakes ($13), while I ordered the five leaves burger ($16) in medium well. When we got our orders, the portions were big, and it was definitely worth the price portion wise. The fries were really good, an even amount of potato texture and salt. The burger was huge (height-wise) and it literally could not fit in my mouth. I had to break each part of the burger apart and made them into a sandwich I could fit in my mouth. The burger was delicious, except for the burnt taste on the bread. Other than that, the five leaves sauce, the pineapple and pickled beets with the burger created a delicious flavor that combined spicy, sweet, and sour all in one bite. I took a bite of my friend's ricotta pancakes and her portion as well was huge. The texture of the pancake was more dense than regular pancakes, but with the addition of the honeycomb butter drizzled with maple syrup made it really delicious. The addition of the fruits also relieved the dense -ness of the pancakes. Cost: $15-$30Atmosphere: (indoors): hot, loud, with a rustic modern feel , (outdoors): calm, fresh air with a perfect view of McCarren parkService: satisfactoryOverall, this place was a great place to catch up with friends, but I would not recommend it for large groups with children just because of the space (quite small). If you are in the Greenpoint area, I definitely recommend this place, but a warning that you may have to wait 30 mins to 1 hour just because this spot is popular.Fun fact: One of Heath Ledger's dream was to open up a restaurant with a friend of his and this place happened to be it. Unfortunately, he died before he was able to see it come to life."	1	0	0	0						
Yes they are a little slow at times but the food is amazing and the atmosphere is top notch. I love when it is warm enough and you can dine al fresco. I highly suggest Five Leaves for any NYC visit and especially Greenpoint visits.	0	0	0	0						
"Definitely zero stars for service. I came here on a Saturday night with my friends. The wait was 30 minutes which was as expected. However, it took a while for anyone to take our order and the waiter was extremely rude to us from the beginning, and had a bipolar personality throughout the meal. We said we were ready to order but as soon as he asked a question about my friend's order and she was in the bathroom line, I said I'll go ask real quick and HE ROLLED HIS EYES AT US and said he'd be back. Then he didn't come back for at least another 10 minutes. Okay so you think you're a big shot BUT YOU ARE IN THE SERVICE INDUSTRY so please act like it. The wait for the food was AT LEAST an hour. We watched several tables finish their food and be replaced by a new party. I ordered the burger and truffle fries which weren't incredible. I've definitely had better truffle fries in DC. My friends had the kale salad (very plain looking) and hanger steak (which came with a pretty good mashed potato). There's only one small bathroom stall that always had a line. Maybe we were just hangry but super disappointed after seeing all the hype reviews on here."	1	1	0	0						
Fantastic. This place is stellar. The bar is incredibly inviting and tables are cafe romantic. It's spitting distance from a beautiful view of the park and is open and airy. What's not to love.	0	0	0	0						
"My brother and I came on a weekday for breakfast around 9 AM and we found several tables already occupied but there was no wait. The tables are fairly close together so it would be hard not to overhear your neighbors conversation. To drink, we ordered a hot chocolate and a latte. For entrees, we ordered the ricotta pancakes and the toasted farro bowl.The drinks came out a few minutes before the food came out. Both dishes were beautiful and generously portioned. The farro bowl was a wonderful blend of flavors. Nothing in the bowl felt out of place. I particularly loved the texture of the farro, the poached egg and mushrooms together. It was seasoned perfectly.My brother loved his ricotta pancakes and I had the opportunity to try some too. The flavored butter and fresh fruti paired perfectly with the light and fluffy pancakes.There were other things on the menu that caught my eye so I will definitely be back to try something else.Service was efficient and prompt.Bathrooms were clean."	1	1	0	0						
"Had a nice moment there for brunch, a bit disappointed by my own plate, but my friend's pancakes were a delicacy! So if you go there, take it !"	1	1	0	0						
"Simply put- restaurant is cute, and food is amazing! I came to know of Five Leaves from Instagram, and boy am I glad I found them! This is my second time visiting this place in two weeks. This first time I came to the restaurant it was very packed and my date and I had to sit outside. Thank God it happened to be almost 50 degrees because the wait is long but totally worth it. I came for a second time yesterday(3/20) and was able to sit inside but even then the place filled up in all of 10 -15 min. As many reviews have mentioned, you can't go wrong with the ricotta pancakes! And definitely get a side of eggs, gosh they are amazing! Wait staff are fairly nice, not super excited but they are pretty timely. If I have to highlight anything, definitely get there early! If not, be prepared to wait!"	1	0	0	0						
"Consistently delicious. The Five Leaves burger with egg pineapple and beets is mind blowing. I don't even normally like fries but their truffle fries are addicting. I am not a pancakes person but their ricotta pancakes are perfectly fluffy and rich. My friends go crazy over the coffee, too. During the weekend you will definitely have to wait outside for 1-2 hours for a table. But shoutout to the weekend hostess who is always on the ball with quoting times, keeping the list, and being generally awesome. That hostess keeps the show running through brunch and into dinner. She's a true Brooklyn hero."	1	1	0	0						
Good food great service. I had the Caesar salad with crab cakes. I'll definitely return to try more menu items.	0	0	0	0						
"Are you kidding me? While in NYC last week for a few meetings I was lucky enough to have one of the best dinners of my life at UBK... I'm so glad my friends (who are local's) brought me there... We decided to start with martinis and when I asked if they had blue cheese stuffed olives was told very politely, we don't, but I'm happy to make them for you. The night was off to a great start! The owner/chef Jonathon made a brief appearance and after asking where we were from he made a few recommendations from their list of appetizers... Rolled tacos and Japanese inspired fried chicken... not sure how they're described on the menu, but both were delicious. Moving on to the main; I went with the - surf and turf and each bite was so good I found myself compelled to sit and appreciate the depth of flavors before going back for another. Perfectly cooked NY strip paired with chili dusted shrimp. The sides were fantastic as well; twice fried chili-rosemary fries, shaved Brussels sprouts and truffle bacon mac n cheese...The menu is interesting, well thought out and absolutely delicious! Thank you Jonathon for a fantastic dinner. The next time I'm in NYC I'll definitely be returning to UBK!!!"	1	1	1	0						
This is my favorite brunch spot. Our waitress evyn and mike and tony were the absolute best . The food was phenomenal as well. This place is amazing	0	1	0	0						
"Food was okay.. Had an average burger. The waiter was a bit of a tit (or barman? Guy with broken hand) he was just rude from the start. The Bloody Mary was quite disgusting and tasted like it had pickle juice in it & it hadn't been sieved so I struggled to drink it with tiny straws, maybe I'm just not used to bloody marys NY style. My partner loved his salmon club sandwich."	1	0	0	0						
"Went for brunch. The music was a little loud for my taste, but the portobello mushrooms were delicious, as were the bottomless mimosa's and bellini's. (Didn't try the Bloody Mary.) Bartender and waiter were friendly and couteous. I will be back and will recommend to friends."	0	1	0	0						
"We ducked into CK on a rainy day, The flatbreads and fries really blew us away. Atmosphere was pleasant; warm and cozy,Good beer selection, our cheeks were rosy.Service was good-no, service was great,But we did have a single, major complaint:We ordered a burger cooked medium well,It was far overcooked, it was easy to tell.They made us a new one, to our delight,But that one they undercooked, which gave us a fright. But I would return, without a doubt,If you're in the village, give CK a shout."	0	0	0	0						
"Great little bar on 14th, reasonably priced drinks and a very relaxed atmosphere. Always awesome if you can get one of the tables in front which can fit a group of 8-10. I had some appetizers last time I was there and the nachos we're great, perfect distribution and crispy chips through out. I was very surprised but very happy, will definitely be back."	0	0	0	0						
"This was the greatest random find in a long time... I'm surprised it doesn't have 4 or more stars.We stopped in for a quick happy hour beer @6pm on Saturday and stayed for 3 hours. Our original destination was a pub on the same block, but it was super crowded and noisy, and we happened to walk by CK14. Serendipitous! We sat at the bar and we were taken care of by Frank (apparently there are 2 bartenders named Frank, and this was the nighttime Frank) and another lovely bartender - we didn't catch her name. They were both fantastic. The happy hour deals are great ($4 drafts, and $5 well cocktails and wine), and there's a good beer selection.What we DIDN'T expect was the amazing food. The BF got the burger, which has some meat blend that contains short ribs, and well... I will go so far as to say it was one of the best burgers I've ever tasted. That's a strong statement but very true. I had the flatbread with soppressata and arugula and it was really tasty as well.If you're not into the darker bar setting in the front, they have bright, indoor seating in the back as well as outside seating. We will be back to sit outside and we definitely want to check out the brunch and other menu items. But really good spot on 14th."	0	1	0	0						
Sunday brunch was excellent as always! The typical 45min wait for a table on a sunday afternoon but definitely worth it! Scrambled eggs were excellent and the staff as well trained on all of the daily specials as ever. The perfect relaxed Sunday brunch spot in Williamsburg's south side	0	1	0	0						
"I'm not often in Williamsburg since it's out of the way, but my friend needed to get out to work on the L train so I looked for something in Willyburg. I think it was worth the trip just to eat at this little place that looks a little run-down from the outside, but has good food and a nice feel on the inside. Not to mention it's kind of scenic being under the bridge.It looked busy on the outside and on the inside, but to our surprise we were sat right when we entered. The menu is written really simply (e.g. ""Country Breakfast,"" ""Omelet""), but the server will come to you and tell you what is in each dish along with telling you the daily specials. My friend ended up getting the omelet with broccoli and cheddar which comes with a side of potatoes while I opted for the daily special--bratwurst with a sunny side-up egg, potatoes and asparagus with fresh pesto. We also opted to get a large French press of coffee. The coffee was really good and freshly made. Even at $7.50 it was definitely worth it because it poured about four mugs of coffee.My dish tasted really fresh and flavorful. Everything went along together well, but I felt like the bratwurst could have been a little better. Either way it was a really good dish. My friend's omelet honestly tasted just like broccoli and cheddar soup. The insides of the omelet was surprisingly cheesy and had a nice texture all the way through. Also, we both agreed that the potatoes were done extremely well. All in all, if I was in the area again I would definitely drop by for brunch."	0	0	0	0						
"I've been here numerous times in the past few years and I've never had a bad meal; in fact, I'm usually very impressed. They feature seasonal, market ingredients used in daily menus. The cooking technique is excellent and every plate leaves you craving more (but not unsatisfied). The prices are reasonable and the portions are sane.The ambiance in the evening is candles on small tables and there is always indie rock playing (which for me, is usually a good thing). Brunch is a bit more easy-going. The overall experience is a lot of fun though it does cross into ""a bit too full of itself"" / hipsterdom at times. Despite this, the service is generally pretty good.One of my few complaints is that there is always a wait but no good place to sit or stand while waiting. The property is pretty small, so I'm not sure how they can remedy this.This will continue to be on my list of favorite restaurants."	0	1	0	0						
"Daily fresh menu that is not printed, only available through your servers. Delicious flavor!"	0	0	0	0						
"Sorry, but after eating a LOT of great brunch places, I think this place is overrated! Although I was kind of expecting a lot, I don't think this place is worth the hype even the smallest bit!I ordered the soup of the day, which was some parmesan clear broth soup with some herbs (the herbs turned out to be huge chunks of a leaf... I forgot the name of it.) The greens were REALLY bitter and the soup was very salty. I was sick, so I really wanted something warm, but it was too oily!Then I got the omelette with goat cheese and herbs. Again, there were those same chunks of bitter greens and it was OOZING with goat cheese. Normally I love cheese, but it was just too much. The goat cheese completely dominated the taste of the omelette. I felt like I was just eating a huge plate of goat cheese. It came with a salad that was also very bitter. I didn't like any of the leaves in them, they were too exotic or something!My sister and a friend got the burger, and they accidentally gave the wrong burger (one cooked medium, the other med rare) and we realized halfway through so it was too late. The burgers were SALTY! At first we thought it was the onions that was making it salty, but it was the actual meat itself. The fries were good, although heavily salted.Afterwards, all we wanted was something SWEET to even out the bitter/salty foods! AND it was pretty dang expensive. $7 soup plus $15ish omlette..... Yeah it was sort of cool that it was inside of a train car, but other than that I'd rather go to a Dennys to get a delicious and balanced tasting meal! Overrated!!!"	1	1	0	0						
Solid meal with OT and Sophie. Really healthy clean feeling food when you're looking to cleanse after a big weekend.	0	0	0	0						
"Oh Westville East, I love you and hate you so much...There's a lot to love about Westville; lots of healthy and tasty food options, market sides (I love that you can make a bunch of sides into a meal), well balanced menu, cute restaurant interior, delivery is fast half of the time.There's also a lot to hate; you will always have to wait to sit at the restaurant, the restaurant is extremely cramped, delivery takes forever half of the time, the food is pricey.Although I really don't love everything about this place, I am addicted to their beets, artichokes, Brussels sprouts, mashed potatoes and plantains. I can't stop wanting these items and no one else does it as good, or will serve this all to me on the same plate... So I guess I'm just going to keep coming back FOREVER."	0	0	0	0						
Had the cob salad. It was really good and healthy. Service was great. Very hip atmosphere. I'll come back.	0	0	0	0						
"Love this little spot of a restaurant right next to my church. I came here with a friend of mine after we wanted to get away from the huge lunch crowd. Luckily for us, church normally ends late so we came after the brunch hour. I normally don't give five stars but I honestly could not find too many things off about this place nor in their food. The things that I ate that day were:Eggs Benedict Croque MadamePROS:- fantastic quantity, definitely very filling - eggs were not undercooked nor overcooked- well balanced with a side of greens and lemon vinaigrette dressing: not too heavy and decadent- served on a baguette: I actually prefer this to the English muffin!CONS:- noneBeets with Goat Cheese (Appetizer)PROS:- Great quantity, totally shareable- Generous with the goat cheese, but perhaps take the time to crumble it a bit more (not that I personally cared)- candied nuts were the deal sealer here. They were not only perfectly done, it was just the right accompaniment to the tart and sweetness of the beets and cheese.CONS:- noneMint Lemonade (drink): this drink sold me on the five stars. PROS: - refreshing and light- slushie which just, I don't know, it really makes the beverage stand out and it's fun to drink.- the mint was finely incorporated, no large chunks noted- not too tart, really well balanced sugar-sourness in the lemonadeCONS:-noneI'd definitely come back. One of the things that deter me though is the insane wait times. You'd have to come at the perfect time or be willing to wait for awhile. The inside is quaint but it can get somewhat loud over the brunch hour (as to be expected from a popular place as this)."	1	1	0	0						
"I came here for an early dinner with 2 friends. The host was super nice, and offered to put my friend's luggage in the back so it wouldn't take up space by our small table. Our waiter came over quickly and got our drink orders, and was very good about checking up on us at the appropriate times. I ordered a strawberry frose, and we got the smoked mac and cheese with bacon to share. I ordered some sort of burger that came on an english muffin, but I can't seem to find it on the menu anymore (it might've been a special). The frose and the mac and cheese were definitely the highlights of the dinner. The frose was very sweet, but I didn't find it overwhelmingly so, and the strawberry really came through. The mac and cheese was absolutely delicious, and I would definitely get it again. I enjoyed my burger, but I didn't feel like it was anything special. I tried a bite of one of my friend's salmon which was pretty subpar. One thing that could be improved is the speed at which food comes out. We were eating at a pretty non-busy time, but it took a very long time for our entrees to come out. Even though our main dishes weren't amazing and the food took a long time to come out, I was really impressed with the frose and the mac and cheese. I'd be willing to give Westville another shot in the future."	1	1	0	0						
"Westville never disappoints. I'm lucky to live near the Westville - East location and love taking visitors there for a healthy(ish), hearty meal or picking up takeout or eating at the bar alone.The veggie burger and turkey burger are two of my favorite dishes to order, probably because they're both served on a Portuguese Muffin which is how every sandwich/burger/burrito/salad should be served going forward - between one of these muffins.All of the veggie sides are delicious and if you're in a large enough group, definitely get a few for the table. OR, for yourself. Don't leave w/o an order of sweet potato fries and, obviously a Portuguese Muffin."	0	0	0	0						
"Food took way too long to come and when it did was mediocre. Front of house staff were very nice, seems like they are trying but it's not coming together. Disappointed."	0	0	0	0						
"Had a great meal with friends here last night. Great food, great service. Nice atmosphere and decor. Has the Parma and the arugula pizza-both delicious. The arugula in particular was unlike any pizza I've tried and really stood out. The yogurt and cucumber appetizer was delicious as well. My only wish is that we could have sat outside, since it looks adorable! Will have to come back again soon. Highly recommend!"	1	1	0	0						
Very tasty pizza and apps. However you don't really have the ability to customize your pizza. Nice room and a beautiful patio in the back. I think it's expensive for what you get but overall a unique pizza experience.	0	0	0	0						
What a great meal. The pizza is outstanding and the wonderful service will make us frequent this spot. Good ciders and beers are on tap and make sure to get some of the coffee ice cream.	0	0	0	0						
"I would not return to this restaurant, at least not for the food. They seemed to have a variety of cocktails and wines so in terms of getting drinks or a bar, it seems like a fine choice. However, I went expecting to have dinner. This was Sunday night at about 7 o'clock and unexpectedly we were told that they had an all day brunch menu, and no dinner menu - which I was actually okay with because I quite enjoy brunch food. Unfortunately, on that menu, I only saw approximately three dishes that were what I would call brunch dishes. The majority of the menu was pizza. Other than that, I remember there being a burger and some sort of pork sandwich. I ended up going with what they called french toast and I suppose it was French toast but it was like no other French toast I have had before, and i say that in a bad way.. and I don't think it was properly explained or indicated on the menu. I was quite surprised when it came out. Basically it was charres and literally the color black which I think was due to some sort of bourbon sugar glaze but it was nothing like what I expected. What you could call my gripe about this place was just that the menu did not properly, at least in my opinion, accurately describe the food you were going to be receiving. Again in terms of my French toast, I received one piece of French toast and I would never have ordered that as my complete meal had I known it was going to be just one slice. I did order on the side, and I have nothing against runny eggs, but this above and beyond.. was literally just like soup, and there was no toast or anything to use to sop the egg up with, so the only option would have been to literally lift the cup up, sip it and swallow it like you would a soup. Not appetizing. On the other hand, My girlfriend ordered a pizza which I can say we both enjoyed and found it to be fresh, not greasy, and the crust was thin and actually had a bit of sesame seeds thay enhanced the crust. Needless to say, I ended up eating part of her pizza because my French toast was a pretty big bomb. The service was on the slow side but I got the feeling that the restaurant might be new and the staff seems like they were still working some Kinks out. Anyways, I personally will not be returning here and the biggest piece of advice I would give the restaurant is to make their menu one that actually gives the customer an idea as to what they're going to be receiving."	1	1	0	0						
"Four stars for service, two stars for food. We t here with a friend and had a lovely time with a bartender who is very good and very attentive. However the food was pretty terrible. We had the pizza with pepperoni and the crust was crunchy in a brittle away, not enjoyable. Nothing special and at $24 totally overpriced. We also got a kimchi bruschetta out which was absolutely disgusting. My friend couldn't eat any of it, I had a few bites - The kimchi or something was completely slimy (and I love kimchi). It was covered in greens and sesame sauce, the total of which overwhelmed the bread. But there was also just a smell almost like a bad pork, that just made it edible. And regardless of what you thought of the components the proportions were way off. Will likely not be returning anytime soon."										
Great new spot good owners the open kitchen is so nice to sit at dinner and a show get the corn bread it's next level I want to steal that recipt	0	0	0	0						
"Went for dinner one night, sat the ""chef's counter."" was very fun, the kitchen staff has a great attitude and seem to be deftly handling the entertainment aspect and culinary requirements that you hope for when you're looking in the kitchen (though it does seem like it might be a bit small). The garlic knots were very good, a unique partially whole wheat dough that was crispy, kind of like an update on your childhood garlic knot, pleasantly nostalgic but still modern. the gazpacho was fantastic.. like really good. the raw beef dish was very tasty, and the bread it's served with was great, slathered in oil and anchovy. The dish is a real flavor bomb, with chunks of a relatively (to the dish) mild cheddar that I thought really pulls it together. The star of the show though was the eggplant parm pizza. the crust was very tasty, also seemed to be a partially whole wheat blend. the sauce was nice and bright, but the eggplants, mmmmmmmm. they seemed to be deep fried and they were so tasty. breadcrumbs were sprinkled on top as well which really brought together the eggplant parm feeling.overall, really great dinner, though we were a bit too stuffed for the desserts which all sounded good."	0	1	0	0						
"Holy crap this place was loud. Tip: sit in the front or in the garden. We were sitting by open kitchen at the back of the restaurant. I know this chef is the s*** and all, and that's probably why they opted to have his kitchen open to the dining floor, but with the blender on full speed right behind my wife and the chef barking orders at the kitchen staff the whole time, it made it really hard to have a conversation. We had a group of six and I had to give up on the other end of the table. The decor is brick walls, stone tiles and hardwood. Nothing to absorb all the racket. And we were the ONLY ones in the back area. Interior looks nice, but was poorly designed imo. Otherwise, good food. Great service. Oh; way overpriced beers. $7 for 8oz beer...that's a $14 pint (if they served pints, which they don't)."	1	0	0	0						
Amazing food and music to go with it! Highly recommend everything but the everything garlic knots at incredible as well as the cocktails!	0	0	0	0						
"Was looking forward to this place. I liked the design of the interiors. The service was nice, but a little slow. Place was clean. Had drinks, appetizer, salad, and the pepperoni pizza. Pizza was burnt and just not very good. Salad was just lettuce, carrot and sesame oil. Not a very good mix, but it was exactly what the menu said. Kinda disappointed all around."	0	0	0	0						
"Came in during happy hour, had delicious sliders and cheese curds, had scrumptious house beers!"	0	1	0	0						
"Had a great experience here while in town for a long holiday weekend. They feature an impressive craft beer list and our bartender, Ronan, was one of the best we've ever experienced. The food is best described as high end gastropub fare -- creative, decadent, well conceived, well executed, and plated nicely. We started with the chunky truffle fries (presented like a delicious Jenga game) and they were excellent. From there we proceeded to the Malt House Burger and the Seasonal Fish Tacos (with Mahi Mahi on our visit) based on the bartender's recommendation and both were among the best we've had anywhere. The MH branding iron on the burger bun is a great touch. It's a fairly new establishment (opened in early 2015) and is beautifully constructed with exposed Carnegie steel beams. There are a couple of TVs if you want to keep up on the score of a game, but they are not the star of the show in any way. (In fact, the reviewer that had a bad experience with TVs must have been sitting at the one table in the entire place where the TV is right overhead.) It is apparent that much care went into designing both the space and the menu. Had we been in town for longer we would have stopped in again -- and will definitely do so next time we are in town."	0	0	1	0						
"Came in for some good bar food and drinks and got exactly that. Steak sandwich was great... as were the fries, drinks, and other apps ordered."	0	0	0	0						
"Not sure how my boyfriend keeps convincing me to try these pub types around Fidi, since I'd never venture to these restaurants on my own. The Malt House is a little better than okay and while I'm not upset that we ate here, I'm also not thrilled that a simple bar menu ended up costing quite a pretty penny. We started with the onion rings, which were gigantic and actually very good - possibly the highlight of the meal. The sauces that accompanied the rings complemented them well and the rings themselves were crispy and fresh. For my entree, I had the seasonal fish tacos, which were composed of tempura salmon with black bean and a sauce that I can't currently recall. I liked the tacos well enough for what they were, while my boyfriend wasn't a huge fan of his burger. The beers were alright too, although my first choice of the draft beer had run out. Anyway, we liked the food, but it just wasn't worth the high price for the ingredients and style of the restaurant. Maybe if we were still in Miami and didn't have a choice, we'd come back to this place, but given the wealth of restaurants in the city we are unlikely to return."	1	0	1	0						
"It was a specialty beer pub, the lighting was gorgeous and very spacious. The bartenders were very helpful selecting our beers, and you can choose to taste them before you order one."	0	0	0	0						
"We stopped by after the 9/11 museum with a group of 5. The restaurant has an open feel and a menu that can satisfy anyone from tacos to salads, everything was delicious. Good beers and cider on tap!"	0	0	0	0						
"Three of us went for a quick late lunch during the week. The place was not too crowded and we were seated right away. The lighting was bright. The place is very open and airy. There were a few TVs at the bar area. I ordered the seasonal salad which had beets, baby kale, arugula, grape tomatoes, and carrots. The dressing was very light. Although a good portion, it was not filling. The two other people I was with got chicken on top of their salad. That would make it a hearty meal but I wasn't very hungry. Overall a good place for a quick healthy lunch. If I lived or worked in the area, I would return and try the bar after work."	0	1	1	0						
"Fantastic brunch!! We waited about half an hour to be seated without a reservation, and they offer to text you when your table is ready so you can wait outside. I opted to have my boyfriend wait while I browsed Urban Outfitters around the corner. I had the avocado toast with egg, bacon, and tomato which was much larger than you expect something with ""toast"" in the name to be. It also included a healthy portion of salad. They had an option for a side of waffle, which I always want but no one ever offers! Sadly, it wasn't thrilling. My friends had the breakfast burrito and chicken and waffles and everyone ate every last bite. We opted for the bottomless drinks option & were very pleased - mimosa, blood orange screwdriver, Bellini, Bloody Mary, and ""maltmosa"" all included. I love bellinis, but would definitely not order that one again - pretty much tasted like white wine. Mimosas were fantastic - great ratio of champagne to OJ. The service could've been a little quicker, but it was understandable as just after we sat down a 15 person table was seated next to us. Overall, would definitely recommend and will definitely return!"	1	1	0	0						
"Convenient lunch spot with lovely decor and ambiance! I came here at 12:00 noon on a Tuesday and it was mostly empty. It's quite spacious inside, so I could see this being a fun spot later for happy hour or hanging out with a large group of friends.I had the blackened salmon po'boy sandwich. The fish was nicely cooked, and the overall flavors were great. The onions were too tough, though.Service was fast and friendly. I will likely be back!"	1	1	0	0						
"Good after work place. There was a crowd when I had drinks with friends on a Thursday during happy hour, but we still had enough room to move around. Bartenders were attentive, which is always a plus."	1	1	0	0						
"Came here on a Wednesday around 8:30pm for drinks with about 13 other people. The bar were pretty crowded, too crowded for us all to stand and chat. The waitress was nice enough to accommodate our group at a large picnic style table next to the window. The bar was pretty loud and dark, but the ambiance was nice. The bar was decorated with lights and there was also a Christmas tree, it was very festive for the holiday season. The draught beer selection was big, but in order to see it you had to get up and go look at the chalk board behind the bar. Pretty inconvenient when you're sitting at a table far away from the bar with a large group. I guess this just means they change the taps and keep everything fresh since they don't have a printed menu. I would definitely like to come back for happy hour to try it again."	0	1	0	1						
"Though the service here was a little bit on the slow side, the food made up for it! Appetizer: Lobster mac and cheese. Wow, was this good. There were huge chunks of lobster and the cheese was nice and creamy. Burger: Good! Nothing special. Overall this place is a great hangout, and good enough food for a fun night out."	0	1	0	0						
Kale salad was good. friendly staff. cute girls.Guacamole was stale.	0	0	0	0						
"I just stuffed my face here and walked away so satisfied. I got the lobster Mac and cheese ($20 though, yikes) and the fried pickles which might be the best I've ever had. That's a bold statement, I know but seriously, I almost didn't share. My friend got the calamari which I tried and also though was pretty good. I absolutely love the atmosphere of this place too; great lighting and awesome music. 10/10 would eat and drink here again."	1	0	0	0						
"More of an after work watering hole than a family friendly environment but we knew that going in. Food was good, ordered the macaroni and cheese and added bbq chicken. Thought the malt house wheat was a good beer, similar to shock top."	0	0	0	0						
"Solid 4 star. I went on a Sunday late afternoon, it was quiet in the restaurant. Great beer selection. We had calamari and the short ribs sandwhich. Both were very good. Nice atmosphere. Good Service. Looking for a place to get refreshed after walking all over FIDI? Give this place a try."	0	1	0	0						
"The space is really cool, love the modern tavern feel. Mixed drinks are delicious. Onion rings are to die for, and the turkey club was also delicious. Can't wait to go back!"	0	0	0	0						
"Yay! A new financial district lunch spot and drinking hole. The owners are incredibly welcoming, the food is delicious (a step up from typical pub food), the drinks are strong and the beer list extensive. They put a lot of money into the remodel of this space and I see myself spending many an evening here in the coming months."	0	0	0	0						
"Awesome bottomless brunch special for $15 with purchase of meal I believe. All you can drink mimosas, blood orange screwdrivers, bellinis, or bloody Mary's for 2 hours! Our waitress was awesome and very attentive. Great food and service. Would love to return if in the area again."	0	1	0	0						
"I've been here three times for lunch, the bartender is always nice and helpful. The 3x times I went I had the chicken sandwich & burger both of which were really good. I would go back in the future."	0	1	0	0						
"My favorite breakfast place! Their food is so good. It's pretty small inside for a good restaurant. I love getting the Gantry Benedict. It's delicious, I pretty much refuse to order anything else. The only reason I got that is because I'm obsessed with Salmon and as I walked in the door I saw someone eating it, and had asked. I haven't had bad service yet, and I hope not to because their food makes me happy. What a good start to my day!"	0	1	0	0						
Great spot to lay low and enjoy an awesome brew and some good food. Great decor and super friendly bartenders. Will be back. Great place for a warmup before heading to the LIC bar for the night out.	0	0	0	1						
Good food!! The atmosphere is nice and overall a cute place that Is topped into for lunch. The prices are reasonable and the staff were nice and friendly.	0	1	0	0						
"Love the space here. Get the kale salad with grilled chicken - you will not be disappointed. I had this potato and egg concoction the first time I visited (it doesn't seem to be on the menu anymore - bring it back!) - it was amazing.The acoustics are a little poor when there is a crowd, but on a quiet afternoon - this place is the perfect lunch or an early after work pitstop. Great staff, solid food and decent drinks.Support your local businesses!"	0	0	0	0						
Ordered chicken waffle and breakfast taco were good and arrived fast. Home fries is great! Super nice staffs. Will definitely go back and try other dishes.	0	0	0	0						
"Food is awesome. They have a very small menu (about 4 entrees) so you know they take special care with each one. Intimate atmosphere. You get a sense of community. I watched a 10 year old girl walk up to the kitchen window and start chatting with one of the chefs.My boyfriend had their burger a while back and couldn't stop talking about it. He ordered it again and loved it even more. I got summer squash and farro (with sage, parmesan, pecans, brown butter & lemon). Amazing! Every bite tasted thoughtfully crafted. Can't wait to go back."	1	0	0	0						
"It's only by going to restaurants that have smaller, more specialized menus that you can really get the best foods. Lot2 is a prime example of why this is such a good restaurant practice, not only for quality of food, but for consistency.Their burger is phenomenal when you just want a burger. The meat is spiced just right where you can taste the meat, and you can taste the spice without either overpowering the other, and combined with the bun and their Aioli on it, the combination is so much better than any of the other burgers that get lost in this or that special addition. It's a simple burger, and it's what burgers should be.Their Arborio rice dish is so good that I can finally understand how vegetarians can live with themselves. The balance of the ingredients means that even the sauteed Collard Greens don't overpower the meal.Their self-pickled assortment is nicely balanced between sweet and vinegary so that you can make the appetizer dish pair well with most heavy drinks. Their Red Wine Squid dish has a great taste and the times I have had it is has been cooked absolutely perfectly - not rubbery like even some of the better restaurants do.Finally, you have the dish that you should make sure to come here for after you dinner somewhere else - the Pecan Pie-ette desert. It's something that I will have to have them ship to me in CA at regular intervals. The geletain part at the bottom has a subtle infusion of chocolate, and the bourbon in the whipped cream is subtle enough to just get a wisp of flavor to make it unique and better than normal whipped cream. If you are turned off by the Hot Fudge that they mention (I was worried at first, not being much of a chocolate guy) don't worry, it's more of a garnish... of win...The staff are very friendly, provide great service, and as absolutely involved as you expect from a great restaurant. Make absolutely sure you stop by and taste their food, because I can not imagine anyone being let down by their food."	0	1	0	0						
"Excellent burger and cozy atmosphere. A creative menu with delicious seasonal offerings. Definitely come for their Sunday Supper, a three-course pre-fixe that changes every week. It's like a home-cooked meal with your friends and neighbors."										
This is my favorite place for a hamburger in Brooklyn. The staff is super friendly and down to earth. It reminds me of the way Brooklyn use to be. I highly recommend the burger and duck fat potatoes. I love this little restaurant.										
"Absolutely amazing!Went here on a date night, and was completely blown away. The dining room is cozy, but nowhere near cramped, and the lighting is phenomenal! We were seated quickly and the staff were very friendly. The food, though, took everything to a new level. Eating the pork and apple cider stew was a near religious experience, and my date's hamburger was amazing as well! (Seriously, I know what you're thinking, ""you can get a burger anywhere!"", I promise, it was absolutely spectacular.) Service was very quick and we never felt neglected-or hovered over. If you're looking for a place impress your date without having to rob a bank or take out a mortgage beforehand, this is absolutely the place!"	0	0	0	1						
"VH and I came here with a friend last Saturday Night. They don't take reservations, but we were seated in about 15 minutes, and while waiting we had something to drink at the bar: VH and Megan had a glass of Cava, while I had their Maker Marks cocktail.The place is nice and cozy, with exposed bricks and a chalkboard band along the main wall. The kitchen is partly exposed. Overall I liked the ambiance, although if you're looking for something particularly romantic perhaps this is not the place for you.We had a bottle of 2007 Il Corzanello Bianco, a nice and dry white wine from Tuscany ($36), very crisp.The menu is slim: six small dishes and six entrees[1], but focusing on a few items rather on a larger menu pays off: all the dishes we tried were absolutely delicious! For starters we shared the antipasti (cured lamb neck, cured pork neck with dill pickles, pickled mushrooms, carrots, and warm olives; $12), and the shaved fennel and radishes salad (with spiced walnuts and parmesan; $9). The fennel salad was particularly tasty and crunchy.For entrees, I had the lamb ribs with chick peas, olives, mint and lemon( $17); the meat was super-tender, coming off the bones so easily. My gf had the roasted chicken breast with mashed potatoes, swiss chard, pickled and roasted mushrooms ($18), which was incredibly flavorful, with a nice and crunchy skin. Megan had the pan roasted cod with brown butter, black tuscan kale, and white sweet potatoes ($19). So good!We also shared the special bread pudding for dessert ($7), which was good but a bit dry: I would have liked to have some kind of sauce with it.Service was impeccable, both at the bar and at the table: despite the small size of the restaurant, there were 4 waiters, all attentive and nice. This restaurant is definitely very well managed. One thing that was missing was bread: we weren't given any bread at the table, unfortunately...-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------[1] I was very intrigued by the grass fed beef burger, which comes with pickles, cheddar cheese, potato skins, lardo butter, AND a Brooklyn Lager for $15!!! I guess I'll have to come back..."	1	1	0	0						
"Just ate there tonight. Two people had burgers, one the Sunday dinner special. So disappointing all around. Over-priced, salty, meh. Will not return."	0	1	0	0						
"Ammmmmazing burger. I mean, serious wow. This was on my to-try list for a couple years before I finally made it with my bf on a casual Friday night after strolling (and disc-golfing) through the park. The past few ""best burger ever"" places I've been to have not even come close to wow-ing me as promised by whomever, so I've become a little burger-cynical lately. Sitting down at Lot 2 I didn't bother having any expectation other than to have a probably pretty good meal. Well. Now I'm a little disappointed that my friends who have been here didn't hype Lot 2's burger enough. I could have been eating it for years!? The burger is definitely one of the most delicious I've ever had. It tasted like it had been grilled in a butter bath, or maybe duck fat (like the potatoes), or crack, or something...so I had to ask our waiter what exactly made it so damn good. Pat la Frieda short rib (there ya go), a super hot cast iron pan and down-to-a-science cooking time, grapeseed oil...and as we personally witnessed, a hearty dose of love. We sat right next to the kitchen and had the chance to chat with (and thank and compliment) the very friendly chef a couple times: once after the waiter brought us a complimentary bacon jam toast app and the chef told us he figured we'd enjoy it because of the shirt my bf was wearing*, and again when I was swooning over the burger, of course.Everything else we ate was delicious too, including the housemade pickles (assorted pickled vegetables), my wine, the duck fat potatoes, and my bf's gigantic pork chop with (very) whiskey-soaked cherries. The entire menu sounded amazing and we were told the menu changes almost entirely every couple weeks or so. But the burger, like Desmond, is a constant. And it's the burger I'll be back for. I wish we lived around the corner; I'd take everyone I know here for that burger.*baconismagic.ca/wp-conte"	1	0	0	0						
"Been here a bunch of times. I like the burgers quite a bit, though the new bbq special wasn't so hot. I got it early on, though, and it might be getting better. The pickles are good. It's a great neighborhood place. You want to be able to sit for a while if you're going to go."	0	1	0	0						
"I'm so glad we tried this place on a Sunday night! I had the Sunday Supper (arugula and mint salad, crispy chicken breast with pesto, veggies and red potatoes, and raspberry lemon whoopie pie) and my love had the grass-fed burger. Both were absolutely amazing. The atmosphere was perfect and the service was spotless. This is a great place for a special occasion...or any occasion!"	0	1	0	0						
"This place deserves its own separate category of stars since giving it 5 doesn't do it justice. Lot 2 is hands down the best restaurant in Brooklyn, and probably my favorite in the entire New York City area. The service is incredible; the food is consistent, insanely delicious, and comforting. We go here every week for their Sunday Supper meal, which always knocks it out of the park. Some of the most memorable ones have been ones where the protein was braised short rib; I also had one of the best chicken and biscuits meals of my life here. And if you're not feeling like the Supper or are there on a regular menu night, I kid you not, their burger and duck fat fries is the most perfectly cooked, delectable burger-and-fries experience you might ever have. No big frills, just perfectly crispy potato wedges, juicy patty, cheddar cheese, whole grain mustard, garlic aioli, fresh pickles, and pickled red onions. It is absolute perfection. Also, their cocktails are so, so good. They're really interesting, and never fail to surprise us with new and different options. There is no wrong answer here. My recent go-to's has been the Faux Swizzle and the Paloma."	0	1	0	0						
"4 and a half stars!Hubby had a craving for a good burger and this looked like the place to go in the neighborhood based on yelpers reviews.We shared the burrata salad to start. It was one if the best we have had, perfectly ripened heirloom tomatoes accompanied by basil bursting with flavor and delicious creamy burrata. All dressed in the perfect amount of balsamic and served with simple and well made lightly toasted bread. I am aware that I am waxing lyrical about a salad but it was that good. We both had the famous burger for our main. It was cooked perfectly medium as ordered and served with chunky duck fat fries. The burger is a great example of simplicity done well. Served with simple accompaniments, good ketchup, mayo with a touch of garlic and wholegrain mustard. We ate it and were happy. Service was very good and our cocktails also hit the spot."	1	0	0	0						
"I have only been here for Sunday Supper, but three times now, they've hit it out of the park. Our most recent dinner was typical. (The Sunday Supper is served family style). Salad made of super fresh lettuces and a house made ranch dressing was so simple but perfect. And then a heaping platter of roasted chicken over a bed of tiny new potatoes, fava beans, asparagus and spring peas with ramp butter. The chicken was so outstanding we asked how they prepared it- our waitress said it had been brined. It was so moist and tender but the skin was crispy. It was fantastic. And then strawberry shortcake for dessert. Service is great. The Sunday supper is a bargain given the quality of the food. We keep meaning to go back for the regular menu but somehow it's always Sunday when we think to go back."	0	1	0	0						
"I was out last Friday night looking for good food at the Lot 2 Restaurant. It has such a cozy feel that once you come inside, you'll have a hard time leaving the place. I started with a small bowl of warm olives. It was a nice way to warm up your taste buds. For the entre, I ordered the Grass-fed Burger with duck fat fries. The burger was classic and those fries are perfectly crispy outside and a touch foamy inside. I spent only $23 dollars for nice food and exemplary service. I would definitely come back soon!"	0	1	0	0						
"Great stuff. Had a delicious burger with duck fat fries and my wife had a brick oven chicken with a really good sauce. Clean, decent service for a Friday night and was able to get seating right away."	1	1	0	0						
"My girlfriend and I went here on a whim last Saturday. I found it via Yelp, because we were in the neighborhood for her friend's housewarming party.The ambiance was wonderful. It's dimly lit with great music playing in the background, but not overwhelmingly loud. Very cozy environment.All the patrons were aware that they would have to wait upwards of an hour if they were a party of 4 or more, but this place is just that good that they all stuck around.We sat at the bar waiting for a table and had cocktails. The time and effort the bartender put in to making my manhattan was incredible. Instead of just spraying bitters into a shaker, she sprayed them onto a clean cloth, and wiped the inside of the cocktail glass. It was hands down the best manhattan I've ever had. My girlfriend had an amazing dirty vodka martini as well.We started with the pickled vegetables of the day and split a salad.The pickled vegetables were wonderful. I never thought I would enjoy raw sweet potato, but whatever pickling agent they created there works tremendously. It also included cauliflower and carrot, both equally as good.From what I can recall, the salad consisted of manchego, arugula, cranberries (I think), and had a lovely dressing. It was a big salad, and we were glad we split it, because...We both ordered the hampshire center cut pork chop, and I kid you not, it was the best pork I've ever tasted. It was otherworldy. The pork was cooked to a perfect ""rosey"" medium, and literally tasted like bacon. It was juicy beyond comparison, and the taste was incomparable.It was accompanied by brussels sprouts braised with what seemed like slab bacon, and being as brussels sprouts are my favorite vegetable, I was in heaven. Absolute heaven. I can't forget the roasted potatoes either, as those were outstanding. I had a glass of the Sangiovese, which was taniny and delicious and perfectly complimented my pork.The service was incredible, which I always appreciate, having been a server for 7 years myself.If we're ever back in the area, we weill ABSOLUTELY be coming back. I have nothing negative to say about Lot 2."	1	0	0	0						
"I came here for the burger and was pretty blown away. Can't remember the last time I had a burger with nothing but cheese and a pickle that tasted this good. Not to mention I love sweet bourbon cocktails and the ""Father in Law"" is money in the bank. Not too crowded. A great date spot. Solid menu that I didn't even begin to explore. Will have to come back and check it out to continue exploring. I have tried several ""best burger"" joints in Brooklyn but this is the better of them all."	0	0	0	0						
"Having worked in the neighborhood last year, this place is hands down the best restaurant around. Seriously, its incredible that you can get such a stellar quality meal in such a residential area!! Lot 2, I am so impressed. Definitely think about coming here for your special meal. I came with my boyfriend for our 4 year anniversary and had a fabulous time.First of all, the brief menu ensures everything you order will be delicious. Keep in mind that the menu you see online may be different from the one the day you get there. I was expecting to order the strip steak (having done my research) but ordered the braised and spiced lamb ribs when I didn't see it. What a good decision. It was a lamb dish for lamb lovers. It was decadent. Unctuous. Fall-apart tender with fresh chopped herbs on top, sitting on a bed of baby carrots, mandarin orange segments (should have been de-membraned), and parsnip pieces. My +1 and I had the same reaction after taking our first bite: we closed our eyes. And frankly, that's the best you can hope for with any meal in any restaurant. Our order of a burger with duck fat fries, the spiced and braised lamb, homemade soda and Rhu-berry spritz came out to $57. SO WORTH IT."	1	0	0	1						
"My boyfriend and I had our first date here two years ago, and we've been coming back to celebrate anniversaries, birthdays, and all other special occasions ever since. It's our favorite restaurant in New York, and not because of the sentimental value! The food is OUTSTANDING. You'll hear a lot of talk about the burger (well deserved buzz), but don't overlook smaller plates like the salads, which always blow my mind. These guys are using really quality ingredients, right down to the olive oil. The vibe is intimate and pleasant, and the service is always fast. Make this the next place you have dinner!"	1	1	0	1						
"Cute spot,Me and my girlfriend when to Lot2 to try it out, Wow the food was AMAZING! one of the best pork chop I ever had. The food arrived pretty quick, the service was five star. We really want to try the Tres Leches but they didn't have it so hopefully next time. Lot2 is easy to find! I can't wait to go back!"	1	0	0	0						
"We went here on Saturday for my husband's birthday. We have been walking by this place for years, but finally decided to stop in. I can't believe we haven't gone before!We decided to dive right into dinner. I got the brick chicken with a side of asparagus and my husband got the Ny Strip with a side of brussel sprouts. We were both very pleased. The sprouts were a little spicy, but overall everything was great.Their homemade sodas are a nice touch too. I had the ginger with gin added in."	1	1	0	1						
"Wow. I can't believe that it took me five years to finally try this place.Last night, a friend and I came here for their burger before heading to another friend's jazz gig, also in South Slope. It was amazing, and perhaps the best burger that I have had in the city. Cooked medium-rare and topped with melted cheese, it was accompanied by both tasty pickles and four delicious fries. Thickly sliced and cooked in duck fat, I only now know what the perfect fry tastes like.In spite of the cold, we washed it all down with cans of Porkslap Pale Ale. Priced at just $5 a pop, we couldn't go wrong here. Furthermore, the service was super-friendly, and the layout warm and inviting. Lot 2 is a place that I highly recommend!"	1	1	0	1						
The place looks lovely!!!!! Super romantic and candle lighting. I had to come try their burgers that my friend was bragging about- it was GOOD! I got it medium wellThe only thing is I could not change the cheese- either way the cheddar cheese was good. :)The side of fries were okay - I had betterOverall good food - very comforting. By the way 16 bucks for a burger is way to pricey	1	0	0	0						
"Such a great restaurant!!! The decor is very tasteful, and gives an intimate feeling. The service was excellent. The food was amazing. They carefully choose their products from local farmers. I had the dandelion greens and the grass fed beef burger. As for desert I had the strawberry tarlette, also taster the salterd caramel brownie. Everything was sooooo good. Very simple dishes, but perfectly executed. And great quality ingredients in your body."	0	0	0	0						
"I can't stop going here. I don't have a regular job, shouldn't be going out, but this place is grand. The food, the atmosphere, the food, the service, did I mention the food? Because the food is great. The kind of meal where you can see all the ingredients on your plate. I've been living in the area for almost 7 years, so excited to have this kind of caliber dining in the area... in walking distance. And it's always nice to be recognized (thanks, Teddy!) as a local and, perhaps, a regular."	0	0	1	0						
"I live down the block from Lot 2 but it took me over a year to visit because the menu never looked especially appealing. There's still not a whole lot of choice but I've been twice now and can say with certainty that the food is good, and the burger outstanding. I'm talking contender for best in the 'Slope, made nice and rare (yes, this is how good meat is supposed to be eaten), delicious house made pickles, a thick slice of extra sharp cheddar, and yummy sauces. The only downside is that because Lot 2 is a regular restaurant (and not just a bar/burger joint), they're super crowded on the weekends and service can be slow. Still, worth the wait for that heavenly burger and good drinks -- love their house-made ginger soda."	0	0	1	0						
"this burger nearly killed me. everything about it was perfect, as was my drink. i was filled to the brim after half of the meaty mess, but forced myself to continue shoving it in my mouth. after finishing i felt like i had been hit by a truck and immediately excused myself for a cigarette. it took me at least two hours to recover.but it was worth it."	0	0	0	0						
"Lot 2 is my very favorite restaurant. A neighborhood gem, I have been going since it opened. Unpretentious, just like the neighborhood, but overperforming in every way: decor, waitstaff, drink and, of course, the food. They have a full bar but welcome guests to bring their one wine - with no corking fee! They owner (who is often there) said he loves it when people bring their own food because, to him, it means they value Lot 2's food enough to complement it with wines they know and love. Every dish I've ever had has been so good (fresh, perfectly cooked, seasoned deliciously, visually appealing), I still marvel that a restaurant of this quality is in my neighborhood."	0	0	1	0						
"Covina, in a sea of mediocre Murray Hill restaurants and very bro-ey bars you are a gem. Waking in, I was in awe by the beautiful modern decor and coziness that didn't feel uncomfortable or pretentious.On a Friday night at 7:45 without reservation for 4, we waited about 20minutes before sitting down.I tried...- Spicy Honey Pizza, $18 to start. 8 pieces great for sharing for 4 as an app- Mandilli (folded pasta sheets, basil almond pesto, house made ricotta & san marzano sugo) $24...the stand out dish- Bucatini (guanciale, pecorino, crushed red pepper, san marzano sugo) $22.... good but spicyOnly regret was not having room for a brioche donut. Damn you stomach"	0	1	0	0						
"We ate here Thursday, May 26, 2016. It seemed we ate half the dishes on the menu. Course after course, and everything was great. We started the evening with glasses of the house sparkling, which was a perfect way to open the palate (Drappier Champagne).The Covina Hummus platter was big, and not just a lump on a plate; a unique presentation, replete with chickpeas and assorted crudite. Several of the side dishes stood out, such as the charred broccolini and the Parker House rolls. One of my favorites was the funghi pizza (yeah, pizza as side dish).Moving right along, one needs to see the Tomahawk ribeye to believe it. A huge 32-ounce, bone-in steak, cooked just right; that nice charred exterior and still pink/red interior. Priced at an extremely reasonable $68.The wine list contained just about everything one could want in terms of variety. We shared a bottle of a 2007 Italian Red (Tuscan) which complemented the food.Will definitely return for that Tomahawk."	0	1	0	0						
"We decided to come to NYC for our first time on a spur of the moment.  We wanted to have a traditional Thanksgiving meal so we found Covina on Yelp. People who rated this place so high got it right!!! Thanksgiving lunch was wonderful.  Turkey and stuffing were the highlights, but the creamy mashed potatoes were close behind.  Even better than the food was the service. Milena was one of the best servers We have ever had! It wasn't just her, everyone was kind. We are coming back before we leave to try their regular menu.  Could not have had a better away from home Thanksgiving!"	0	1	1	1						
Would have been 5 stars for the food quality and overall experience but disappointed that a $26 piece of salmon and a $26 hangar steak is served without any accompanying side. I know they want you to order/pay for sides but come on...	0	0	0	0						
"Awesome food, amazing cocktails, great service. Food is classic american fare- simple ingredients but executed flawlessly. I've not had one bad dish during all my visits. Hummus is amazing and the side veggies are great. Chicken is to die for and the pastas are great."	0	0	0	0						
Love this place!! Everyone is super friendly from the host Ashley to the server Tori! I have tried almost everything on this menu and nothing disappoints especially those parker house rolls! Definitely recommend this place for a casual night out or celebration.	0	0	0	0						
Nice spot and great pizza. Rest of food was pretty average although sweet corn ice cream stood out. Wine pricy but overall ok	0	0	0	0						
"We were visiting family in the City and watching the Macy's Day parade. We had booked another restaurant and at the last minute they called and said they were actually closed on Thanksgiving. Luckily we were able to get in, albeit, earlier than planned but we worth it. 3 of us went for the Thanksgiving option and it was terrific. We started with a kale salad which was very tasty and then had turkey, of course, with all the fixings, stuffing, peas, sweet potatoes and mashed potatoes and a very nice roll. We all stuck with pumpkin pie and whipped cream in a great crust. My son likes chicken better than turkey so he ordered the chicken in a rosemary au jus and the house salad. He thought the chicken was a little oily but I thought it was very moist. We love pizza and had not yet had pizza while in NY so we shared a wood over prosciutto pizza as an appetizer and it was cooked perfectly, it was a big hit! The atmosphere is very nice, on the casual side we felt a little overdressed and we are pretty casual but many of the customers were in jeans. Our waiter was amazing. It was a great meal in a very nice atmosphere. They also have a nice selection of mixed drinks and wine."	1	0	1	0						
"Average at best. Maybe not even. Terrible wine list. Very few bottles under $100 to choose from. Service terrible. Our waitress was lost all night. Food was ok. Humus was really good. Besides that, nothing special. Nothing original about this place. Would not go back."	0	0	0	0						
"This is a great spot to meetup with friends in NYC. They have a back dining room area where we first had dinner, then hung out in the spacious bar area to meet with other friends for cocktails. The special pizza of the day with cured ham and caramelized onions, meatballs, and desserts were delicious, and surprised the food came out fast considering the restaurant was crowded. Will definitely come back next time I'm in the area."	1	1	0	0						
"Great food + service! Came here for brunch and had a feast for $90:1) Shakshuka: 5 stars. Looks nothing like the shakshuka. It's a decomposed fusion version of the Israeli breakfast dish. It was amazingly flavorful!2) Brussels sprout pear pizza: 4 stars. This was my friend's favorite. The fruity pear successfully offsets the natural bitterness of the Brussels sprouts. Personally, I would've opted to use saltier cheese shavings (rather than neutral cheese) and more pepper to add to offsetting the bitterness. But that's my taste.3) Hungarian Fried Bread topped with salmon and chives: 4 stars. My friend didn't care for it. But she doesn't like salmon or avocado. I do. It could've used less eggs for proportionality of flavors and texture. Not sure if it can be fluffier with the toppings flattening.4) Italian donuts: 3. Tasted like regular donut holes. But it's a cool thing to say you've tasted.5) Bellini: 3. Tasted and looked like a regular fruity cocktail rather than the fuzzy version.6) coffee: 3. They gave us milk rather than cream so no way it was able to taste decent.5 stars overall for stylish decor, service, interesting menu, timing all dishes to come out quickly and together, and every dish being 3+ in flavor."	0	1	0	0						
"The Covina Burger in-depth rating:Bun (5/5) - The bun, the integrity of the burger, was about as spongy as one could hope. Soaked up the juices of the burger flawlessly while also not becoming soggy (as everyone knows, a soggy bun is a burger no-no).Toppings (4/5) - The pickles were delectable, the special sauce was truly special, and the rest of the toppings were present but not overwhelming - exactly what you look for. Burger (5/5) - Waygu beef? Waygu not? Ha! Tremendously cooked burger, and perfect medium rare.Sides - French Fries (3/5) - I was not particularly taken by the french fries. They were simply average. Also lost a point here for not having the option of sweet potato fries.Ambience (4/5) - Spacious, dimly lit dining room with a view of the kitchen in the background - a lot of what you look for in regard to ambience. I think this would have been a 5/5 had I not been seated in the corner.Overall: 4/5"	0	0	0	0						
"Had a belated v-day dinner at Covina last night and boy, will we be back. Same owners as O Ya! The restaurant is much larger than the exterior suggests. Service was very very good.We tried the Hungarian fry bread with smoked salmon on top (sounded strange but just get it), the Brussel sprouts side, flank steak (blue cheese butter), and the marvelous spicy honey pizza (mozzarella, sorpressata, honey, black pepper). Covina apparently does wine and cocktail classes too! We will be back. and soon."	0	1	0	1						
Just great! Everything was great from the moment my coworkers and I stepped in the front door. We reserve seats for a company luncheon and were given a private room. The Decour throughout the restaurant is so chic and Tranquill. The wait staff was so educated on lunch specials and the menu they were also extremely courteous and hospitable throughout our whole stay. The food was superb I ordered the spicy honey pizza and it was so good. I also got a house salad and that was great as well. I also had a drink which was well prepared and tasted good as well. I enjoyed everything about this place and definitely plan on coming back.	0	0	0	0						
I love Italian food. Always busy here on the weekends. Was lucky to snag two seats at the high top communal table. Pasta in pesto sauce was delicious. This picture doesn't justify. You just got to go there and try it for yourselve.	0	0	0	0						
"Came here with my boyfriend for a dinner date and it was AMAZING!! The restaurant itself is beautiful and very spacious--you don't feel crammed like most NYC spots. Now the food... we had the truffle fries to start which were very thin, crispy, and had a very savory truffle taste. Then we split a pepperoni pizza and the burger. We both agreed the burger was the best we have ever had. The pizza was also amazing, both dishes had very high quality ingredients and were way beyond our expectations. Definitely recommend 100%."	1	1	0	1						
Excellent. Every dish. Each appetizer we had was one we could happily have made a meal of. We sat at the bar and got great service. Can't wait to return.	0	0	0	0						
Excellent! food & service was fanastic	0	0	0	0						
"Came here for brunch. Loved everything we order except one thing. Great coffee drinks, potatoes, bacon, yum. Very nice ambiance. The yogurt bowl though- way too much yogurt and too little of the fruit and granola that was promised. The promised honey wasn't there at all. Fruit was berries. The concoction reminded me of yogurt parfait I would buy at an airport stand. BUT that is not a reason to avoid Covina. Everything else was truly delicious."	0	1	0	0						
"Yes the food was great - Yes the ambiance is ""cool vibe"" Yes I would go back time and time again but WHY does this restaurant stand out as AMAZING - Management is stellar - We had a bit of a hard time with our ""newbie"" waiter who I would say was not seasoned nor familiar with special food requests (gluten issues to start) When this was discussed causually with the manager he heard our complaint and immediately acted to apologize in a manner that was above and beyond anything I could have expected. Kudos to the professionalism and customer service we received - THANK YOU!!!!!!!!!!! AND BE BACK SOON!!!!"	0	0	0	0						
"Excellent food and great service! Must try Hungarian fry bread, Brussel sprout pizza, and mandilli! They have a great private room for larger groups- will definitely be back!"	0	0	0	0						
The breakfast food hits the spot. Very tasty salmon eggs Benedict. They have a cute backyard area that is perfect for summer brunch!	0	1	0	0						
"Great great Brunch. The egg white fritatta that comes in the skillet is a must. Be careful because it's pretty hot! The bread is also the star of the dish.Very nice place, hipster and with a beautiful garden."	0	1	0	0						
Went here for brunch & it did not disappoint. Waited 30 minutes for a small table squished in with others but it's just part of the experience. Great coffee & my French omelette was cooked to perfection.	0	1	0	0						
"I've been here in summer 2012 when there was a long line just after opening and the atmosphere was electric - what a weird word to use for brunch! It felt like the heartbeat of Brooklyn and you could barely move between the tables. Hip, happy crowd. But judging by my 'brunch only' experience, my most recent experience was this.Since then the vibe has changed a little, maybe more casual, maybe more confident (or aloof) overall? Maybe the same but I expect way too much from these places (Mogador and Lafayette in Manhattan come to mind).First of all - if you come with a few friends, make sure that everyone gets there at the same time. If you're 3 and the 4th person is on the way, you'll have to wait to be seated. For as long as it takes.The food we ordered was really quite good, nothing extraordinary with my Eggs on a baguette, but enjoyable. All other (vegetarian) items were tasty as well, with the frittata being served in the pan - which is cool. I wouldn't order the latte, the coffee was burnt and there are a few outstanding coffee shops nearby, so I'd stick with the food and enjoy the Brooklyn vibe. The waitress was very friendly and overall the experience was just as nice.So maybe my personal hype for this place is gone, but it's a solid brunch option for the weekend."	0	1	0	0						
It's really a hit or miss with this place. I haven't had any awful food experience heart that will deter me from coming but with all the other restaurants around that don't make you second guess this is a pass for me.I do like their brunch and octopus (if that's something they still cook). The octopus on occasion was too chard but it you cut those parts off its quite good not alway cooked the Portuguese way but again decent. Price wise I haven't been in a while so three stars.	0	0	0	0						
"If I could give this classist establishment zero stars I would. The way that they treated my boyfriend and I today was disgusting! We went in at 9pm for dinner but when we were greeted by the hostess she told us that the only seats available to us were at the front and at the bar. When I explained that we wanted to go to the back patio she said that there was not enough space. So I thought fine, we'll come back another day. When we turned around to leave the bartender shouts out to the hostess ""Nice way of handling that"". Way to ruin my night. RABBITHOLE WAS A HUGE LET DOWN."	1	1	0	0						
"Went here for a brunch date and loved the food! I got the quinoa salad with apple- it was light but totally delicious. I feel like i'm almost always dissatisfied when ordering brunch salads but this was great! My date got the croque and it was DELICIOUS. Sat in the garden, lovely atmosphere and good service."	1	1	0	1						
Such a romantic and cute place! I came here with my bf for dinner. I had comforting soup and my bf had a steak. It was really good! Definitely coming back ;)	1	1	0	0						
"My bf and I were in the Brooklyn area for a weekend away. It was 4:00 on a Saturday and we were trying to find a place to eat a late lunch. Most restaurants in the area were closed until they re-opened for dinner, except for this place, so we gave it a try. It was fantastic. I got the black bean burger. It was on a fresh roll, and the salad it came with was simple but had an amazing flavor, not sure what they put on it.Would definitely go back to this place if we're ever in the area again."	1	1	0	0						
"This is my new favorite place for Egg's Benedict! The atmosphere is laid back, the servers are super friendly and attentive, and the aesthetic makes you feel like you are visting a friend. The food is fresh and delicious and not fussy. I would love to go back when I am in town."	0	0	0	0						
"Love this place! Everything I ever ordered here has been absolutely delicious! Especially the French toast, pancakes and the egg sandwich. It's a bit of a trek from the L in Williamsburg, but if you do make it out there, hooray for you, you can enjoy an awesome brunch without having to stand in line for it."	0	1	0	0						
"This is a super charming restaurant. The food is great and not too expensive. I've only been here for brunch, but as I live nearby I come here A LOT.Get the salmon omelet or the stuffed pancakes."	0	1	0	0						
"YAM!!! I went there this morning. DELICIOUS! I had baked eggs with caramelized onions and spinach and my boyfriend had salmon omelet. Both were really good. And the side of the potatoes, that they serve it with, is really something. The waitress was all smiley and friendly and the service was quick.The drinks were a little overpriced thou. 9$ for mimosa, common?!But I'll definitely come back for the breakfast."	1	1	0	0						
"I have been here twice and both times the service was excellent and the food was amazing. I have been here for dinner and brunch. They make amazingly refreshing cocktails with local, seasonal ingredients. The feel of the place is very homey and they make amazing biscuits, benedicts, and bloody mary's. I cannot wait to go back afor nice weather and sit in their backyard again."	0	1	0	0						
"A great find in Williamsburg. The food was typical pub fare with a twist. I enjoyed the very cozy and intimate feel of the restaurant. The food was good, but not great. I was not huge fan of the artichoke fritters, but I liked the fish and chips. My friend ordered the fresh linguine and thoroughly enjoyed it. The service was attentive, but far from personable."	1	0	0	0						
"This place won us over first for not being overcrowded at 8pm on a Saturday night, and then for actually delivering tasty food at a non-paralyzing price point. The tequila-rosemary cocktail was refreshing; the 'tasting of chicken' tasted fully and satisfyingly of chicken; the fish and chips, while not 'amazing', as described by our server, were ample and well cooked. A special panna cotta with blood orange and caramel was a terrific capper. Attentive service, good ambiance."	0	1	0	0						
Do not take your kids here. My friend and I brought our toddlers here and the owner was very rude and basically asked us to leave because of the kids. There were no other patrons in the front part were we were sitting. It was in the afternoon as well.	1	1	0	0						
Wonderful eggs Benedict and bloody Marys. We did have to wait about 40 minutes on a Sunday around 1 PM. Worth the wait though - service was great.	0	1	0	0						
"Brunch was nice, the egg sandwich and French toast were soggy, and the egg Benedict was more overcooked than runny. We really enjoyed the raspberry chocolate chip scone, that was out of this world!The staff are lovely, and the ambiance is nice. It was busy and space is tight, but it was a pleasant experience."	0	1	0	0						
"Rabbithole has been my go-to neighborhood spot for over eight (!) years - Never disappoints - Menu, service, setting, all of it, lovely - Weekday brunch forever."	0	1	1	0						
Was lucky enough to just beat the brunch crowd at 11:30. The wait was out the door by the time we were seated. My friends and I were seated inside but thank goodness it wasn't stuffy and hot. There was a fan going which kept the air circulating. I didn't get a chance to look at the outdoor seating in the back but my friend said it looked super cute. The service took a little long and we had to wait a bit to get our orders in and then a longer wait for our food. By the time we got our food we were all famished and hungry. All four of us ordered something different so that we can taste everything. I got the Rabbithole Florentine and okay so it may have been my fault since I did not read what this dish actually entails. lol The potatoes are on point! You will not be disappointed. The salad on the side was tasty and refreshing. The florentine itself was okay. It wasn't amazing i liked the spinach and the caramelized onions. The bread used was also not super heavy and easy to cut through. The egg however was over cooked. The yoke was fully cooked and unappetizing. I ended up leaving both egg yokes on the plate while finishing everything else.The stuffed french toast was BOMB! I was secretly jealous and wished that had been my dish instead. The mascarpone worked well and made the dish a little less sweet but the addition of powdered sugar and maple syrup appeals to anyone with a sweet tooth.	1	1	0	0						
the salmon lox benedict was great! was seated in their backyard. cute vintage interior. will consider coming back!	0	0	0	0						
What a charming little place with a great food selection! I enjoyed brunch here with my husband and a couple friends. We all got the eggs benedict and thought it was delicious!	1	1	0	0						
"Came here for brunch. The hangar steak and eggs were cooked perfectly - medium rare and over medium respectively. The potatoes were crispy with a touch of salt, no condiment necessary. A homemade chimichurri accompanied the steak - yum! Excellent iced coffee. Great fruit salad. Be sure to get patio seating in the back."	0	1	0	0						
"A bunch of my friends and I have a brunch date once a month. Today, we originally intended on going to BeeHive Oven, but were turned off at the minimum 90 minute wait time. A quick Google search revealed Rabbithole to be in walking distance, and, as five hungry, slightly grumpy women, we set off. They were AMAZING. The wait time was only 20 minutes, the staff was super accommodating, the food was DELISH, and the drinks (according to my non-pregnant friends) were on-point. We even got a hug from the maitre'd! We will definitely be back. We want to sample the entire menu!"	1	1	0	1						
"I found this place with Yelp's help and by strolling the neighborhoods of Greenpoint & Williamsburgh. Then decided to Yelp it for lunch.So I strolled in and loved the ambiance. Really takes you back (Rabbithole). I was eating alone so sat at the bar. Ordered a coke and they have the Mexican coke bottles which is always a plus.I got the Norweigen which is like an eggs benedict that substitutes salmon lox for the bacon. Price was $13. Biscuits I believe are made fresh. To me this meal was just ""ok"". Nothing special and I found the biscuits to be a bit dry.I also must say that when in Maryland I found this diner that had eggs benedict with a crabcake and I haven't found anywhere that has lived up to it since.....With that said it came with a side of greens and some stellar potatoes. These I loved!I'd go back, try something different. Ambiance is cool and I noticed they had a patio in back that looked nice. I came on a rainy day."	0	0	0	0						
"Decent breakfast I quite enjoyed the mimosasI had the croquet Madame.. Unfortunately I wasn't as wowed with my food as I was when I made the selection from the menu. It was basically a... Slightly dried out ham egg and cheese with the egg on top. I gave it three stars because the ham was good but I'm not sure how the bread was prepared, maybe just lacking in a bit of butter.All I know is my friend was in LOVE with her brunch, I think she got the Benedict. She's been back 4x since then so I'm sure it's just what I ordered, ill certainly give this place another try as other reviews are very positive."	1	1	0	0						
The stuffed French toast were really good. Everyone I was with enjoyed their food as well. I'd go again.	0	0	0	0						
"Just went here for brunch yesterday and fell in love!! Beautiful ambience, amazing food, great servers will definitely be back!"	0	1	0	0						
"Pleasant, cool, relaxed atmosphere, delicious food, friendly service. Had the pancakes for brunch and while they didn't appear to come with the cherry rhubarb compote mentioned on the menu, they were still delicious. Would definitely return."	0	1	0	0						
"The food was great, and the back garden was cozy and well lit with lots of shade for those of you who burn. Despite the fact the waiter insisted it would start raining, it never did. The bathrooms were extremely dark but when your eyes adjust you will be OK.I had the egg Florentine which was made amazing by the caramelized onions. I loved caramelized onions and if you do too, they do a great job giving you the right amount. The egg Benedict was awesome as well, I had some of my friends, as was the BLT (huge, with lots of salad) and the egg sandwich (small but only 6$). I would definitely go again."	0	0	0	0						
"This review is solely for what I had experienced on that day.The pleasant breeze coming out from this restaurant invited us in. It was a beautiful Spring day. It was perfect time and place for a break from all the walk we did in Williamsburg. It was late afternoon. See the photos. We found a nice table with a yellow pansy in a pot at the backyard garden. The garden was sparkled with the rays of warm and kind afternoon sun. It shined our faces and tables. Soon after the place made us a part of this sparkles. The people I see around us were mixed. Some dress like UES, Young and mature hipsters and some to me they were definitely tourist dressed as if they took a good shower and took time to dress. When they arrived, they were holding hands together. It was refreshing to see older couple holding hands together and enjoying each other and there were us from the village. At the front, there were cute skinny Burgs were sitting on the bench.We had some homemade scones and a cake, The scones were very tasty. I liked blueberry. The berries created some softness and a hint of sea salt made me want for more. I was told to come in the morning if I want to indulge the fresh scones. I might do that get up early and take a train to come even from West Village.""Fantastical decor and backyard garden make this a great place to slip away from bedfod and relax. Staff is amazing and friendly- couldn't ask for anything more."" so as I read from other review and agreed completely..."	0	1	0	0						
"They served me an uncooked burger. No exaggeration: it was not even warm. Oh, and they tried to charge me for it. How did this happen? I ordered the lamb burger rare, it arrives medium-well. I'm very polite in flagging this to the server who has brought my food - I really didn't want to complain but I don't like overcooked meat so i'm not going to eat it. It's worth mentioning that the server who delivered the food is not the person who took my order - that person has disappeared.The server who has delivered me the burger takes it away, and is kinda uppity about it. Ten minutes pass - my friends are done eating - before a new burger is put in front of me. Same server delivers me the burger. I take a bite and am immediately disgusted. It was barely seared - luke warm, soft, mushy, lamb mince. In between the patties you wouldn't notice, but looking at it with a bite mark missing, it was very clearly completely raw and uncooked on the inside. The server says ""oh sorry, is that TOO rare this time?"" as if I am being a demanding bitch rather than a polite customer who has not received what was ordered and who has just chewed on uncooked lamb meat. The server who initially took our order appears with the check after plates are cleared. It's worth underlining the fact that he did NOT check on us at any point in the meal, and the check still has the lamb burger on it. When I complained, he reprimanded me for not telling him there was a problem during the meal, as if he were at any point present and available for me to do that. NO-ONE APOLOGIZED or did anything to try to rectify the situation or make the situation better, and I wasn't even rude to them. Summary:- This is the single worst experience I've had in a restaurant ever, including the time a cockroach fell into my plate from the ceiling when I was in Poland.- No way that the burger looked cooked; the chef was being a total asshole sending it out like that.- I waited TEN MINUTES for the new burger which is easily enough time to COOK a burger RARE. - Both servers were assholes. Needless to say, they lost a couple of repeat customers that day, but from the attitudes of their staff, I doubt the management gives a damn. A shame - great recipes."	1	0	0	0						
"If I could give this less than one star I would based on their customer service especially. Came here ordered our food right away, a hamburger and an egg sandwich. Literally waited more then an hour, some guy came in, got his food and left during all of this. Waitress was SO rude. Some chick with blonde hair on her ends, I asked her how long it would be till our food came politely( even though I was so annoyed and starving) and she gave me the death stare while saying ""it's almost up"" and kept walking. After the waiting and the attitudes I was over it when our ordered FINALLY came and I have to say the food was nothing special, she also didn't even apologize for the wait, this girl really annoyed me. Staff seems uncaring about customers, all standing around laughing and talking without making their rounds to see if customers are being taken care of... Probably won't be back."	0	0	0	0						
Really solid brunch. Going back for dinner.	1	1	0	0						
"LOVED American Cut! This is my new favorite steakhouse. I arrived a half hour early, and the staff could not have been more welcoming to me. I was shown to a lovely booth, and the service from everyone was terrific. (Almost as if they were trained by Danny Meyer). Even a staff member who was not taking care of my table came by to welcome me since she remembered me from The NoMad. The ""everything"" biscuit with cream cheese is delicious, but since I had already planned my dinner, I needed to save room. My first course was the yummy potato latkes--a must dish. My main course was the pastrami coated ribeye served a beautiful hot pink medium. Funny how I've always ordered my steak med-rare, but it turns out I really like medium. Terrific char and great flavor and tender too! Half of it will be a wonderful dinner for tomorrow. My sides: the Pommes pure a la Robuchon may not have been as stellar as at Joel Robuchon, but they were delicious. I also ordered tonight's special of Brussels sprouts with rutabaga and bacon (and I think a soy glaze)--delicious too, and better than at The NoMad and Betony. Took home half of the potatoes and Brussels sprouts. Had to save room for the Cracker Jack Sundae and the espresso martini. Both were delicious! Will definitely order them again. Too bad I couldn't take them home too. Considering I ordered enough food for two, the bill was very reasonable (for me). I was never rushed or ignored, but was treated as a welcomed guest. Definitely plan to return to American Cut!"	0	1	0	0						
"American Cut is absolute perfection! Let me start by saying I really love Marc Forgione and I was incredibly excited to try out his place. It's decently expensive, but it was a dining experience I won't forget and totally worth the money.Can we start with the decor? The beautiful, sexy decor? The restaurant is so visually gorgeous, it's pure seduction.There were three people in our group and we were presented with Everything biscuits (like Everything bagels, but in biscuit form.) Holy hell. So good. We then ordered oysters, a filet, salmon and a lobster pasta with broccolini on the side. (Yeah, it was a ton of food. When in Rome, y'all.) Everything was cooked to utter perfection and we couldn't get enough. I will have dreams of the amazing food and wine we had that night for the rest of my life! (I wish I was exaggerating, but I'm not.)"	1	1	0	0						
"Made a reservation for our anniversary and waited 45+ minutes before getting seated. Not a great first impression. Ordered the restaurant week menu which was good, but I was so irked about the terrible service at the beginning that I couldn't even enjoy the meal. Fair warning!!"	0	0	0	1						
"Four of us dined here on a Friday evening. When we first sat down, the collective concern was that the tables were too close together, but we ceased to notice after a few drinks. We also felt that the music was too loud, and this remained true throughout the evening.We ordered: the Colorado Lamb ($44); Planked Salmon ($31); Filet Mignon ($46); and Hanger Steak ($32). All were very good.The sides were disappointing: grilled asparagus ($12, more onion than asparagus); fries ($12, utterly disgusting with its salt-and-vinegar rubbing); wild mushrooms ($14, with grilled polenta).We ordered a $60+ bottle of wine, some California white, that was not particularly memorable. We also passed on dessert in favor of more drinks elsewhere.Overall, American Cut is a solid choice. The bathrooms were clean and smelled nice, so that itself puts it immediately ahead of Tribeca Grill."	0	1	0	0						
"All-around great steakhouse. Chili lobster appetizer a must. Bone-in ribeye excellent. Atmosphere (we were seated downstairs) is really great, and 70s to 90s tunes set the right tone. Will most definitely return."	0	0	0	0						
"We popped in around that odd hour of 4 or so and found this place comfortably quiet. There were a couple of tables up in the front seated, a handful of people along the bar watching the games and only maybe 1 or 2 tables in the back dining room. The overall ambiance is casual and inviting but feels like you are walking into a home library with the books along the wall.Getting to the food, we started with the special pumpkin gnocchi that were ok (a little bland in flavors) and the fried pickles that were good (a good majority were just pickles as the batter had fallen off). For our mains, we tried the burger with fries (the burger was cooked to order and good but the fries were a bit cold), the hanger steak with mashed potatoes and spinach that was good and a goat cheese salad. To share, we tried the mac n cheese plate that was also ok. Overall, the service was friendly, food was ok and bill was fairly priced after a drink each and tax/tip and came out to about$45/person. If you are looking for a spot in Murray Hill, give this place a shot.Buon appetito."	0	0	0	0						
I was in NYC for work and I wanted to meet up with friends for dinner. I always let them decide. There are so many options in NYC and I just don't need that kind of pressure to pick a good place. ;-) Plus thus far they have picked excellent choices. On the Thursday night we went we had a reservation. However I got done early so we decided to meet earlier. The restaurant was able to accommodate. I arrived before my friends and I sat at the bar for a happy hour drink. There was a large party gathered and taking up a lot of space and making it hard to get through. While waiting I ordered fried pickles and a glass of prosecco. The prosecco wasn't as sweet as I was hoping it would be but it was good. The fried pickles came out pretty quickly. They were pretty good. I was surprised at how thin the pickle slices are. I kinda liked it as they were thinner and smaller so I felt like I was eating less of them. Once my friend arrived we were seated near the back of the restaurant at a circular table that was not very big for 3 people but we made it work. For my entree I ended up ordering the four cheese mac. It was delicious! I add some grilled chicken for more protein which made it even better. I wish I had some of that right now actually. All in all this was an excellent choice and the service was pretty good as well.	1	1	0	0						
"Great spot!Got their smoked salmon eggs benedict (called The Nova) did not disappoint. It wasn't anything special, but it was very well done and the flavors complimented each other.Can't wait to come back at night & get some dinner food/try their cocktails.Would definitely recommend!"	0	1	0	0						
"Stopped in at Whitman & Bloom this past Sunday for a quick brunch. Located in the kinda fratty midtown neighborhood of Rose Hill, otherwise known as Bros' Hill (or did I just make that up?), W&B tries to be something different. For starters, it's really cute. It's so friggin cute, I wanted to pinch its little restaurant cheeks [walls]. There are country decorations. There are actual books, on shelves. There is a fireplace. There are quotes from James Joyce. Luckily, none of these are from Finnegan's Wake.We came at 2pm on a Sunday and did not have to make an appointment, which I liked. A couple was just leaving as we came in so we waited at the bar while the table was cleared. While at the bar, we learned that it was happy hour all day and that certain cocktails were only $7. I tried The Citizen (rose wine, simple syrup, 2 lemons muddled & spring of rosemary), which was good [sweet with a hint of bitter], and the bf had the Old Fashioned Cuppa (templeton rye, barrys irish tea & agave), which was better. Shortly after receiving the drinks, we were moved to our table.I was super excited about my order, the Nova (smoked salmon, poached eggs, English muffin, hollandaise, with a side of home fries), but I was disappointed when the dish came out. The smoked salmon was actually delicious, but my eggs were way overcooked. The runny-ness, or lack thereof, of eggs can make or break a Benedict-style dish, and these eggs were sadly breakers. Also, there wasn't much food. I easily finished the meal and could've kept eating. BF had the french toast (with caramelized bananas, maple syrup), which we thought was fine, but neither of us were blown away.In another town, Whitman & Bloom would earn another shot at brunch. But in New York, who has the time or money to revisit a 3-star experience? Maybe I'd give them a try for dinner..."	0	1	0	0						
"I'm only going to talk about the drinks since it's what I had here. THe drinks are good, and the bathroom was clean.They had a special happy hour on a Sunday night, so that was a plus.Honey Trap is yummy sweet goodness. You can't even taste the alcohol in the drink."	1	1	0	0						
We were there yesterday eve the food was deff on point the waiter was totally chill I think the runners that brought us the food and drinks could have been nicer I would deff recommend this spot	0	1	0	0						
Hands down the best burger and milkshake. The atmosphere was so cool with throwback hip hop. The wait was 1hr but let me tell you it was deft WORTH IT! The customer service was great and they made sure if the food was good. Now the only reason why I won't give it a 5 start was because we were seated at the bar with limited space. My elbow kept hitting the other customer next to me. We were just to tight by the bar. Other than that everything was great and good experience I will deft come back again but ask to be seated on a table or by the window.	0	0	0	0						
"I came here during a trip to NYC, I had heard about this place from someone and was super excited to try it. The food was pretty good, I'm not going to lie the buttermilk chicken was awesome and the grits were amazing! I would have given this place 5 stars had it not been for the super rude waitress, she kind of killed the magic of the meal."	0	0	1	0						
"This place is awesome. Great drink selection and great menu. Atmosphere was great, not too busy on the weeknight we ate there. Waitress had good recommendations."	0	1	0	0						
"What a perfect place for weekend brunch! I came here with the boyfriend post half-marathon run in central park and it totally hit the spot! The atmosphere, food, staff were just perfect.We had no reservations initially but put our name on the list. They said an hour wait but we rarely come to the upper west side so we decided to wait. The texted us not even half an hour later and our table was ready!The food and drinks are really tasty. They have a bloody b.l.t which is really a bloody Mary with bacon lettuce tomato. That was good! And since we were at a pickle place, we couldn't skip out on pickled veggies. We had the platter with all 8 of them! I especially loved the beets. BUT...let me tell you...8 jars of pickled veggies just might be a little too much for 2 people to share! So we packed that for home. We also had the chicken biscuit with sausage gravy and that was amazing. The chicken was juicy and the gravy even better! I wanted to lick the plate clean!Overall, everything was good and I would definitely cone back!"	1	1	0	0						
"Always go here with Columbia grad school friends! We have had brunch, lunch, group dinners and everything in between.The ambience is great, sometimes the wait is really taxing (maybe give waiting customers the occasional sidewalk snack or drink on the house!)Only wish is that the portions were smaller, I feel like I was a lot of food because the food is so rich!"	1	1	0	0						
"Comfort food, large portions, and gangsta rap? Yes, yes and yes please.Jacob's Pickles is a hip little place in the upper west side. It's a popular place, so wait times can be lengthy even on weekdays. You can wander and they'll text you when your table is ready. Our party had missed the text, but luckily they gave us the next open table.The interior is really cozy (aka small), so expect to be back to back with the table adjacent to you or sitting at a communal table. It took awhile to get any service. Once we ordered, the waitress told us that one of our orders wasn't available after more waiting. She was kind enough to compensate with cornbread and a sampler of several types of honey and butter.Their southern biscuit sandwiches are a must during your first visit! They're anything but petite - they're open faced, knife and fork and smothered with goodness types of sandwiches. I had the sausage and gravy smothered chicken. The gravy could stand alone, it was rich and tasty. It was worth the $14, I had plenty leftover. The shrimp and bacon grits were good as well.Service can be spotty, but I understand how busy Jacob's Pickles can get. Jacob's Pickles is a must next time I visit New York."	0	0	1	0						
